Quoc Tu Giam Temple

The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 (the second year of Than Vu under the reign of King Ly Thanh Tong) to worship the Saints and Masters of Confucianism, and at the same time functioned as a Royal school with the first students. is Crown Prince Ly Can Duc, son of King Ly Thanh Tong. In 1076, King Ly Nhan Tong established Quoc Tu Giam next to the Temple of Literature as a school exclusively for the king's children and the children of great nobles in the court. In 1253, King Tran Thai Tong changed Quoc Tu Giam into Quoc Tu Giam, expanding and accepting children of commoners with excellent academic abilities. During the reign of King Tran Minh Tong (1314 - 1329), teacher Chu Van An was appointed as the official Quoc Tu Giam Tu Nghiep (principal) and taught directly to the princes. In 1370, after his death, King Tran Nghe Tong had him worshiped at the Temple of Literature next to Confucius. In 1785, King Le Hien Tong changed Quoc Tu Giam into Thai Hoc house. By the beginning of the Nguyen Dynasty, Quoc Tu Giam was established in Hue, Thai Hoc House was changed to Khai Thanh House.

Looking in from the outside, the entire Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam area is surrounded on four sides by a wall built of large bricks - a popular architectural material in the Later Le Dynasty, creating an ancient space. respectful, solemn, full of nostalgia. Inside the wall frame, ancient architectural roofs are hidden under the lush branches of ancient trees, making this place a completely different scene from the outside, creating a special attraction for visitors. In front of the Temple of Literature, on the other side of Quoc Tu Giam Street, there is a quite large lake, called Ho Van. Previously, in the middle of the lake there was Kim Chau mound, on top of which was built a communal house - "Phan Thuy communal house", where poetry reviews of Confucian scholars took place. Now that the communal house has disappeared, on the mound there is still a stele erected in Tu Duc 18 (1865) recording the renovation of the Temple of Literature. Located in a large campus, the inner temple of the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam is divided into 5 areas, separated by horizontal walls built of ancient bricks. The first area starts from the Temple of Literature gate to the Dai Trung gate. Before entering the Temple of Literature, visitors will have to pass through the outer gate consisting of 4 large columns (four pillars) built of bricks, of which the two middle pillars are built higher, the top of the pillars are placed with two statues of Nghe. The two outer pillars are lower, the top of the pillar is shaped like a phoenix bird, tails together, 4 heads facing 4 directions. The body of the pillar is embossed with pairs of parallel sentences in Chinese characters. On both sides of the ritual gate, there are 2 stele "Ha Ma" (dismounting the horse). Through the outer gate, visitors will go straight to the Temple of Literature (inner gate) consisting of 3 arched rolling doors, of which the middle door is built on 2 floors. The lower floor is designed to be large and wide, with stairs to the upper floor. Outside on the lower floor, there is only one rolling door open, 2 wooden wings, semicircular door lashes embossed with a pair of dragons flanking the moon. The upper floor is smaller, designed as a 2-story, 8-roofed ritual gate with 4 porches and 4 roofs. This floor has 3 rolling doors open, the middle door has a bell hanging, surrounded by a wide corridor, with railings on 4 sides. From the Temple of Literature, following the straight tiled road, visitors will reach the second gate, Dai Trung Mon, consisting of 3 compartments built on a high brick foundation, tiled roof, structure of three rows of columns, with 2 small doors on both sides. Thanh Duc Mon and Dai Tai Mon. The horizontal wall connecting the 3 doors of Dai Trung Mon extends out to both sides until the outer vertical wall, together with the horizontal wall where the Temple of Literature forms a square frame, inside there are many green trees and shade, making it Visitors feel relaxed when walking in a solemn, quiet place. The paved road from the Temple of Literature will continue to take visitors to the second area, from Dai Trung Mon to Khue Van Cac. Built in 1805, Khue Van Cac is a square building with 2 floors and 8 roofs. The lower floor is 4 brick pillars, 4 sides are left empty. The upper floor has wooden architecture, tiled roof, 4 sides covered with wooden planks, each side has a round door, with slats symbolizing the rays of the star Khue shining in the sky. On both sides of Khue Van Cac are two gates of Secret Literature and Suc Van - meaningful names praising the beauty and value of literature. Khue Van Cac is considered a unique architectural work, a symbol of Vietnamese culture and literature. Stepping through Khue Van Cac, visitors will come to the third area in the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam relic complex, which is Thien Quang well and the Doctor stele system. Thien Quang well (Thien Quang province), also known as Van Tri (Ao Van), has a square shape and is full of water all year round. The calm water surface becomes a mirror reflecting the reflection of Khue Van and the ancient trees, creating a shimmering, magical scene. The ancients believed that the square well symbolized the earth, and the round door guarding Khue Van symbolized heaven. The essence of heaven and earth is concentrated in this majestic cultural and educational center in the middle of the city. The paved road surrounding Thien Quang well will lead visitors to the Doctor's stele house built on the left and right sides of the well. This is considered a relic of important value in the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam relic complex, including 82 stone steles engraved with epitaphs registering Doctors of Vietnamese Confucianism in the Imperial examinations of the Later Le Dynasty. and the Mac Dynasty (1442-1779). All steles are crafted in the same style, which is flat stele, curved forehead, and domed shape. The steles are placed on the turtle's back to represent the longevity of the nation's quintessence, reflecting the country's cultural and historical values ​​for more than 300 years. This is an extremely valuable historical source to help future generations research the lives and careers of many famous Vietnamese people. With outstanding and rare values, in 2010, 82 stone steles of doctoral examinations of the Later Le and Mac dynasties at the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam were recognized as a World Documentary Heritage under the Memory of the World Program. world of UNESCO. After visiting the Doctor's stele house, through Dai Thanh gate, visitors will come to a large courtyard paved with Bat Trang tiles, opening the fourth area, the main area of ​​the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam. On the left and right sides of the yard are two rows of houses, Ta Vu and Huu Vu, each row of houses has 9 rooms, built on a high foundation, with tiled roofs, a nail-shaped roof, and a "stack of beams" truss structure. Connecting with the gable ends of the two rows of houses, Ta Vu and Huu Vu, creating a traditional U-shaped structure is the Dai Pagoda building, where in the past, in the spring and autumn two periods, the king, his royal family and mandarins came to worship Confucius. . The Great Hall consists of 9 compartments with 6 rows of columns, built on a foundation 30cm higher than the yard level, surrounded by brick pavement, and a tiled roof. The structures are built in the style of "stacked beams, stacked porches, seven porches", the middle of the roof is embossed with the image of two dragons flanking the moon, and on the seven porches are decorated with stylized flowers and leaves. Currently, only the middle room of the Dai Bai building has an incense altar, the remaining rooms are empty. Around the altar hang many horizontal panels and couplets praising Confucianism and sages. Parallel to the Dai Bai building in the back is the Dai Thanh palace consisting of 9 compartments, built with walls on 3 sides, in front there are 5 compartments closed table doors, 4 gable compartments have fixed barred doors. The middle part of the palace holds a shrine and a large throne to worship Confucius. The fifth area in the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam relic complex is the Thai school, formerly Quoc Tu Giam, a place to train talents for dynasties. Over time and historical events, the old building was destroyed. In 1999, the Thai Hoc house was rebuilt with a grand architectural scale and in harmony with the landscape of the Temple of Literature in front. The Thai Hoc house has a continuous structure, the roof is covered with funny-nosed tiles, the roof supports are in the style of "stacked beams, stacked posts, seven porches", and the floor is tiled with Bat Trang tiles. The worship palace behind is built with a match-stacked roof, covered with funny-nosed tiles, and has a structure like "stacking beams and gongs". The final architectural part is the Front Street and Back Street areas, which were rebuilt in 1999. The Front Street has 9 compartments with 40 ironwood columns supporting the roof, and the gables are built with brick walls. This is currently a place to display documents showing the tradition of studiousness and respect for teachers of generations of Vietnamese people. The front road is connected to the back road through the bamboo tube, there are two doors to the bell house and the empty house. The back hall is a two-story wooden architecture, in which the first floor consists of 9 rooms, 2 wings with 72 ironwood columns, a place to honor the famous Quoc Tu Giam Tu Van An - world cultural celebrity and teacher. eminent of Vietnam and display documents about the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam as well as Vietnamese Confucian education. The second floor is a place to worship the kings who built the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam and contributed to the Confucian education of the nation, including Kings Ly Thanh Tong, Ly Nhan Tong and Le Thanh Tong. Currently, the Temple of Literature - Quoc Tu Giam is also a place to organize typical cultural activities such as scientific conferences and thematic exhibitions; commending outstanding valedictorians graduating from universities and academies in Hanoi; Awarding academic certificates for the title of Professor, Associate Professor or organizing an annual Book Fair, Vietnamese Poetry Day...


My Khanh Mulberry Garden in An Giang

This strawberry garden also takes a lot of work. From the direction of Long Xuyen, cross Ton Duc Thang Bridge (parallel to Quay Bridge), there will be a sign directing you to turn left to go to My Khanh. Drive about 30 more minutes to get there

You should go early in the morning. At that time, the garden has not yet harvested strawberries, so you can pick them because there are still ripe berries. If you go late to the garden and pick all the ripe berries, the remaining berries will be very sour. Note that purple means ripe. , red means alive. The garden owner is very happy and enthusiastically welcomes guests. You can freely go to the strawberry garden to pick fruit, but don't destroy it too much. If you want to buy it, it will cost 30-40 thousand per kilogram. Here there are both blackberries and strawberry smoothies, priced at only 15k. There are also snails boiled with lemongrass and a dipping sauce mixed with chut fruit (lemon family). Overall delicious, nutritious and cheap. An ideal ecological entertainment spot!...


Ecotourism Tan Tuyen Melaleuca Forest

An Giang is a land that makes a strong impression on many tourists not only because it is a place of mixing and convergence of many unique cultures of the Kinh, Chinese, Cham, and Khmer communities together, possessing unique beauty. idyllic beauty typical of Western rivers but also diverse natural scenery. From the long green rice fields, the dreamy Co To mountain, the palm trees of Tinh Bien soaring high into the sky or the mysterious That Son range and many other attractive historical and cultural relics.

But perhaps the place that many people remember most when traveling to An Giang is the immense green cajuput forests. Besides the poetic and charming Tra Su cajuput forest, which has become the most impressive check-in point in the West, recently Tan Tuyen cajuput forest is also attracting a large number of tourists. Let's travel with LuhanhVietNam to this attractive An Giang tourist destination! Tan Tuyen cajuput forest is located in Tri Ton district and Tinh Bien district. This famous An Giang tourist destination has an area of ​​1752 hectares out of a total of 1928.4 hectares of the district's total area. An Giang Melaleuca forest in general and Tan Tuyen forest have much potential for ecotourism development. The most important thing to mention is the extremely rich flora and fauna here. People often mention famous An Giang eco-tourism areas such as Thien Tue Acacia forest, Ba mallata at Cam mountain, O Tuk Xa acacia forest in Chi Lang, Soai So lake mango forest in Tri Ton district, ancient Thien Tue forest. trees at Co To mountain located in Tri Ton territory and now Tan Tuyen An Giang cajuput forest. This place not only has green melaleuca forests covering a large area, but also has a dominant algae industry with many different species, including: green algae, Silic algae, Blue algae, Yellow algae, Eye algae, Golden algae and Giay algae. Among them, there are many species that are good food for fish and shrimp in the Melaleuca forest. This is a great advantage of this Melaleuca forest because it creates favorable conditions to build complete tourism services to recreate the activities of the military zone. Thereby, helping visitors experience attractive and attractive military life. If you are a crazy fan of the Star Enlistment 2020 program that is causing a stir on social networks, you should not miss this forest. In Tan Tuyen Melaleuca forest, there is a system of military camps, watchtowers, and Hoang Cam kitchen. Photo: Lang Thang An Giang If the Tra Su cajuput forest area has a long wooden bridge and a super hot bird's nest pier, then Tan Tuyen An Giang cajuput forest also has a plank bridge from the main axis to Small camps with a total length of about 5,000m are weaved through the forest to help visitors have a more authentic experience and be closer to nature. You can choose to ride a motorboat around the Melaleuca forest to see trees and storks or walk on the bridge under the shade of the Melaleuca forest to explore the surrounding wild scenery and don't forget to check in with poetic photos at This new destination of An Giang. Besides, Tan Tuyen Melaleuca forest in An Giang also has many attractive eco-tourism activities that promise to bring you new experiences about tourism in the flood season in the West, such as spreading nets together, pouring thatch. Catch fish, shrimp, crabs and enjoy country cuisine with many delicious dishes in Chau Doc, Tinh Bien, Tri Ton,... Another good news for tourists who love traveling to the West near and far is that this place is currently being completed. Gradually improve the rest stop to serve food and drinks for tourists. The project is expected to be completed before Lunar New Year 2021. Explore Tan Tuyen An Giang cajuput forest - a list of protected flooded forests The area is being planned for eco-tourism development With a total area of ​​1,672 hectares, the forest Tan Tuyen Melaleuca An Giang is currently included in the list of nature reserve flooded forests. Among them, 250 hectares in Area A are currently planned to exploit and develop tourism activities. The Melaleuca forest landscape protection area will include 3 functional subdivisions, all in plot 1, sub-zone 30B. In particular, the most strictly protected subdivision has an area of ​​81.85 hectares with plots 6, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 (the area adjacent to the An Giang Provincial Forestry Enterprise). The ecological restoration subdivision alone is about 94.06 hectares wide, including plots 7, 8, 9 and 16 (belonging to plot 1 of sub-zone 30B). Finally, the administrative - service subdivision has a total area of ​​80.48 hectares, including lots: 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. In addition, according to the above regulations, the buffer zone of the Forest Landscape Protection Area Tan Tuyen Melaleuca An Giang has an area of ​​about 380.9 hectares, located in the hamlets: Tan Duc, Tan An and Tan Loi, Tan Tuyen commune, Tinh Bien district, An Giang province. With special planning and investment regime, this pristine Melaleuca forest promises to be a brand new destination in An Giang in early 2021, let's plan to explore this place with a group of close friends right away.


Go Chua fruit garden



When it comes to the South, everyone thinks of the freshest fruit gardens and Tay Ninh is no exception. Go Chua Fruit Garden here is a popular destination for many people because coming here, in addition to visiting the large fruit gardens, you can also try the fresh, delicious taste on the spot. of the fruits here. The kindness, enthusiasm and comfort of the people in these fruit gardens are also the points that will make you remember the fresh fruit gardens forever. In addition, you can also choose fruits to buy as gifts for relatives at home.


Binh Thanh ancient tower



Located on the right bank of the Vam Co Dong River, Binh Thanh ancient tower is the ancient land of the Oc Eo culture that has existed since the 8th century to the present. This ancient tower is 10m high, each side of the tower is 5m long and follows the four directions East-West-South-North. The main door of Binh Thanh ancient tower faces East while the remaining three sides all have fake doors embossed with many very sophisticated patterns. It is considered a very solid and elaborate architectural work that has existed since the 8th century, but it has still been largely preserved without being destroyed much by the time the Indochina Research Association has discovered. This ancient tower was built in 1886, this ancient tower was classified as an architectural and artistic relic in 1993 and in 1999 it was restored. The number of tourists flocking to admire this place is also increasing and if you visit Tay Ninh, you should not miss this place!


Thanh Le Water Park

The park has a children's pool specifically for children. Children coming here can play games with steam trains, small slides, mushroom figures, turtles, water-spraying crocodiles... suitable for children's ages.

In addition, the park also has a wave pool with many attractive wave programs: 0.9m high waves and short waves, single waves, double waves, alternating waves... After playing time, guests can relax with the river. lazy. In particular, the lazy river creates a vortex, creating a new feeling of excitement. Besides the swimming pools, there is also a slide system, including a three-lane slide with a height of 6m, closed and open twist slides with a height of 9m, creating a strong feeling of falling from above into the lake.


Phuoc Loc Tho ancient village tourist area

Phuoc Loc Tho ancient village located in Huu Thanh commune, Duc Hoa district, Long An province is a unique attraction of Long An Tourism. The entire ancient village is about 10 hectares wide, construction started in 2006. Some main activities in the village: Visiting the ancient house complex; Visit orchid gardens, ancient trees, and rockery; Visit the zoo…




Wind & Water Café Binh Duong

Designed by famous architect Vo Trong Nghia, the main idea of ​​the shop is to get water and natural ventilation to cool the building, bringing a feeling of airiness and being very close to nature.

In 2016, Wind and Water Cafe (wNw Cafe) by architect Vo Trong Nghia and his colleagues made its first breakthrough in Binh Duong with a unique design that won second prize at the 2006 Vietnam Architecture Award and designed Architect Vo Trong Nghia became the first Vietnamese to win a gold medal at the 2007-2008 Asian Architects Association (Arcasia Awards) competition with the winning architecture project "Wind and Wind Coffee". Water" in Binh Duong. Continuously reaping success with awards: Second prize in the international architectural competition using bamboo materials organized by Bamboo Technologies Maui (USA) 2007; The architecture won the International Architecture Award (IAA) in the US in 2009. That appearance immediately attracted the attention of modern, stylish, nature-loving customers and affirmed its unique appeal. with customers upon arrival. “Binh Duong is changing, needs are changing with the uniqueness of the project; We will attract all customers inside and outside the province as well as foreign tourists who love Vietnamese quintessence, Vietnamese culture and Vietnamese soul," the restaurant owner here shared. The architecture of the new wNw remains close to nature and people; expressed in the open space overlooking the street and through the use of natural materials, wood, and stone. wNw cafe's image is designed to convey traditional values ​​of Vietnamese culture; That is the purity of the lotus flower. The green bamboo garden reflects the community connection between family members and friends, and is an ideal place to meet and socialize for guests who want to go to a cafe to relax after the pressures of work. and confinement at home. Not only is it a harmonious aesthetic combination of space through scientific interior arrangement. But most importantly, the project uses wind energy and the cooling ability of water to create a natural air conditioner. A notable change is that the bar right in the center of the restaurant has also been refined to serve groups of friends, families, and groups organizing birthday parties and small parties on birthdays and memorable days. mine. In the new plan, wNw will have entertainment programs, lucky draws, music, and exchanges with singers from Ho Chi Minh City and Binh Duong. Prices for drinks and snacks are also suitable for domestic and foreign customers.


Dau Tieng Lake tourist cluster

Dau Tieng Lake is located on the border between three provinces of Binh Duong - Binh Phuoc and Tay Ninh. Therefore, it plays a very important role in the economic development of this area, especially irrigation issues. Taking a look at some of the achievements of this lake, this is the largest artificial lake in the country. With a total area of ​​up to 27km2, it can hold an average of 1.58 billion cubic meters of water. Besides the main task of providing water to Saigon River and surrounding areas. In recent years, the lake has also been exploited for tourism services, becoming a destination welcoming thousands of visitors each year.




Thuy Chau Tourist Area

Thuy Chau tourist area is an emerging tourist destination near Saigon, chosen by many young people and families as a weekend gathering place. Thuy Chau eco-tourism area is about 25km from Saigon, in Binh Thang commune, Di An town, Binh Duong province.

For those who want to find a peaceful place to escape the hustle and bustle of life in the bustling city of Saigon or simply want to find a place to organize a short picnic to bond with each other. If you connect more emotionally, Thuy Chau Binh Duong tourist area is the most suitable destination. Built into an artificial entertainment complex with a total usable area of ​​up to 18 hectares, the landscape here from treetops, streams... to the forest all exude a very natural, very peaceful look. At first sight, you will be captivated by this place. How can you not love the scenery on both sides of the entrance, shaded by endless green trees, winding along the path leading to the largest artificial waterfall in Binh Duong province? Sometimes the scene of dry leaves falling and anchoring themselves to the ground will surprise you, a romantic beauty just like Korea. Quickly take out your phone to preserve those wonderful moments. Coming to Thuy Chau, you will be immersed in endless nature: lush green grass and trees, winding streams, chirping birds... All combine to create a scene so beautiful that people can even feel it. You even forget that this is an artificial tourist area. Many tourists after returning have admired and praised this place as being no different from miniature Da Lat with its green scenery, fresh air, quiet, peaceful and relaxing surroundings. Coming to Thuy Chau tourist area, visitors will have an unforgettable experience when immersing themselves in the cool, clear water of the artificial waterfall. Invite your friends and relatives to come here and let the strong flow of the waterfall blow away all the worries of a busy life. It's called an artificial waterfall, but at a glance, it looks no different from a natural creation. At the foot of the waterfall, the stream flows through the rocks scattered throughout the stream, all forming a beautiful scene like a watercolor painting. Thuy Chau tourist area is truly an ideal picnic spot that you should not miss. Nowhere else can you get the green beauty like this place. And yet, when you come here, you will not only enjoy the majestic natural mountain and forest space like in Da Lat but also have beautiful "virtual life" photos like Korea and cannot help but mention the modern European space. - pool. With an area of ​​up to 1,200 square meters, this will be the ideal space for you and your loved ones to have moments of relaxation.


Phu An Bamboo Village

From a bamboo ecological conservation project, Phu An Bamboo Village (Phu An commune, Ben Cat town) has now become a "green tourism" destination, annually welcoming about 10,000 domestic and foreign tourists to visit. . Currently, the provincial and local tourism industry is promoting to make this place an attractive destination for domestic and foreign tourists.




Tan Tru king's areca row

About 40km south of Ho Chi Minh City, there is a road that is described as "happiness". For many years, the areca king restaurant in Tan Tru (Long An) has been considered an ideal check-in place for many tourists on weekends.

Tan Tru district is located between the two rivers Vam Co Dong and Vam Co Tay, all year round with lush alluvial deposits and abundant fruit trees. When visitors come to Tan Tru town and ask about the areca king road, no one knows about it. Because this road has long been a symbol of the people living in the area. The concrete road is more than 2km long with two straight rows of green areca palm trees, next to rice fields and green dragon fruit gardens that are the pride of the people here. With every step along the road, you will feel immersed in the beautiful, happy scenery just like the name of the road. Tan Tru town, Long An province, is not only known as a typical locality in socializing the implementation of rural traffic criteria, but is also known for its country roads planted with beautiful flowers and trees. These are concrete roads in the countryside surrounded by rice fields, with flowers and bean grass planted on the sidelines; In particular, there are many roads planted with two rows of green areca palm trees. Anyone who goes to Tan Tru town, Long An province is no stranger to Cau Vua street near the town's secondary school. Nearly 1km long with more than 300 areca trees as big as a person, the road to this hamlet is the pride of the people here. The village road is paved with concrete with two rows of green areca palms passing through golden rice fields, making everyone passing by feel happy. In addition to tourists who like to check-in and live virtually on this street, many couples choose this place to take wedding photos and save important moments of their lives. Visitors coming to the areca-lined road at any time of day will encounter unforgettable moments. At dawn, the dim scene of mist covering the areca trees brings a romantic feeling. At noon, the street was filled with images of students leaving school in pure white shirts on bicycles leading the way home.


Endless Fields tourist area

This tourist area is a biodiversity conservation area, nurturing many species of trees with precious genes and many rare medicinal herbs. This is also the setting in the famous movie "Endless Fields". After the resounding success of the movie, this place has become a famous tourist destination of Long An province.




Tan Lap floating village

Tan Lap floating village is located deep inside Dong Thap Muoi, which is mainly flooded forest with an ecosystem typical of the Southeast. Melaleuca, lotus, water lily, water hyacinth along with a rich fauna of storks and fish have created a unique array of colors for this place. The land of Long An really knows how to please people thanks to such simple, simple scenes.

Tan Lap floating village is an eco-tourism area, located in Tan Lap commune, Moc Hoa district, Long An province. Interspersed between the floating village are the Rach Rung canal and the Vam Co Tay river flowing through. Inside Tan Lap floating village there is not only melaleuca forest, rich flora and fauna, but also a natural reserve, forestry area, wildlife migration area, boat wharf area, etc. That is why. When spending a day traveling to Tan Lap floating village, you will not feel bored, but on the contrary, there are many things worth exploring. Because it is a flooded forest eco-tourism area, surrounded by a lush, stretching melaleuca forest system, you can go in any season. But according to the experience of traveling to Tan Lap floating village, if you want to get sparkling pictures for life, come here in the right season. If you're in the off-season, it's no fun. People often say that if you want to travel to Tan Lap floating village, you should go during the floating season because at that time, animals and plants grow most strongly. You will have the opportunity to see a miniature Western region in the heart of Long An, which is Tan Lap floating village. The floating water season in the West falls from August to November of the lunar calendar, which is also the rainy season in the Central provinces. When the floodwaters come, many species of birds also come here to make their nests looking for the main source of food, which is fish. In this season, Tan Lap also has many riverside specialties that are also more abundant and diverse. Lotus flowers and water lilies in the village bloom in every corner of the sky, making it extremely fun to take photos. Tan Lap floating village is ideal for those who love nature, animals and want to have a peaceful feeling. Coming here, to go inside the tourist area, you have to buy a sightseeing ticket for 60k/person, and if you want to go further, it is 30k/person. The boatmen will also act as guides, taking you to visit and learn about the vast swamp area, where there are lush green vegetation. If you go during the lotus blooming season in October and November, the boat will part the water to take visitors to the beautiful lotus pond area, so everyone can freely live virtual lives. Tan Lap floating village is still a pristine tourist area, not really invested in like other tourist areas, so the cuisine is not yet rich. However, some rustic-style dishes are still served here, which are specialties of the river countryside. People can bring their own food here to organize a communal meal for fun and save money. But if you've come here, you should also explore the floating village's cuisine.


Memorial Area of ​​Musician Cao Van Lau

In 2008, this place was restored and expanded on an area of ​​about 2,800 square meters with the following works: three-entrance gate, house covering the grave of musician Cao Van Lau, bust of musician Cao Van Lau, document display house. , artifacts, photos of musicians. Outdoor stage and reception house…

Cao Van Lau Memorial Area is located in Ward 2, Bac Lieu City. Previously, the memorial area was the grave site of the musician's family. Later, it was renovated and built additional works for the purpose of organizing important events. At the same time, it serves as a place to welcome visitors from far away. The memorial area of ​​musician Cao Van Lau has been decided by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism to be included in the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2012. The memorial area of ​​musician Cao Van Lau in Bac Lieu includes lots of constructions. Such as the grave of musician Cao Van Lau and his relatives, and the bust of musician Cao Van Lau. There is also an area displaying pictures and artifacts of the ancestors of Southern Cai Luong. Notably, there is also the symbolic area of ​​the pliers, the outdoor stage, etc. As soon as you pass through the main gate, visitors will see a bamboo pipe monument in the middle of the souvenir area. This monument is the pliers - the symbol of Don Ca Tai Tu in the South. The pliers are stylized from bamboo segments, the pliers part is hollowed out to create a mysterious and sacred look. It also evokes nostalgia and remembrance of those who have passed away. This is also where tourists burn incense to commemorate. The mysterious and sacred thing here is that the steps up to the bamboo tube platform are arranged in a number of steps. Such as numbers 2,4,8,16,32 and 64, symbolizing the rhythm and rhythm of ancient Cai Luong songs. Also corresponds to each artist. They are: beat 2 by Cao Van Lau, beat 4 by Trinh Thien Tu, beat 8 by Lu Hoa Nghi. Beat 16 by Mong Van, beat 32 by Tran Tan Hung and beat 64 by Ly Khi. Leading up to the bamboo platform is a staircase railing made of Thanh Hoa green stone carved in the shape of a dragon. The dragon shape facing the stairs combined with the cloud pattern creates a meaningful combination. Because Bac Lieu is considered the cradle of amateur music, the most developed in the South. The development and spreading power of this amateur music is compared to a dragon. Around the bamboo tube monument are carved on stone 20 ancestors. Such as 3 Southern villages, 6 Northern villages, 4 Oan villages, 7 large Northern villages. Behind the Pliers symbol is the monument of musician Cao Van Lau. And the musical piece "Da Co Hoai Lang" by Cao Van Lau is engraved right on the back. Behind the pliers symbol is a park with symbols of musical instruments. These musical instruments are all part of the Southern amateur music art. Including flutes, storks, zithers, monochords, concave key guitars, etc. The difference of this musical instrument garden is that the instruments are completely carved from green stone. Looking very solid and soulful, the color of the stone is in harmony with the green of the surrounding trees. On the left is a memorial display house for late musician Cao Van Lau. On the right are the serving blocks. Finally, there is a block of houses for amateur folk music performances located on the lotus pond. If visitors want to admire precious documents about the art of amateur music. Or looking at images of typical Cai Luong artists and artisans of Bac Lieu, the exhibition area is a place visitors must definitely visit. Inside there are stage costumes of many famous Cai Luong artists. And scenes of restoration of amateur music with wax or ancient musical instruments by artisans. Visitors will learn about the flourishing period of Vietnamese amateur music and reformed opera. As well as learn a little about the historical background of the version "Da Co Hoai Lang" (Hearing the drums at night, missing your husband). After more than 100 years since its inception, the immortal love song Da Co Hoai Lang by musician Cao Van Lau still touches millions of Vietnamese hearts because it contains deep feelings and love between husband and wife.


Bac Lieu Bird Garden

If you are planning a trip to the Mekong Delta, you definitely cannot miss the Bac Lieu bird garden nature reserve. You will be immersed in the cool atmosphere and wild nature here.

Bac Lieu Bird Garden is a remaining part of the coastal mangrove forest, which due to natural accretion has gradually moved farther and farther away from the East Sea. On an area expanded to 385 hectares, including 19 hectares of primary forest, there reside about 46 species of birds, including species such as giant peacocks, small cormorants... recorded in the red book, 150 animal species with 58 species. fish, 7 species of frogs, 10 species of mammals, 8 species of reptiles and a number of other animals combined with 109 species of plants belonging to 90 genera of 46 families, forming a rich population of animals and plants showing high characteristics. Biodiversity. If you come here at sunset, from the direction of the purple East Sea, from the golden Bac Lieu fields with ripe rice... flocks of birds flock to their nests. They fly orderly, separated by feather color and species. Some formations are like arrows rushing forward, other formations are sparse and scattered... when they reach "home", the archipelago shakes a corner of the forest. Especially, when walking in the afternoon, the forest is like a row of softly undulating green silk, dotted with the colors of birds rushing to fly back to their nests. They fly separately in flocks of different types. There seems to be an arrangement and convention between species, each species has its own territory. The black color of the Coc Cocs on the highest tree branches, the pure white color of the storks resting on the medium tree floors... Everything seems to be bustling with many different sounds: the rustling of leaves. The sound of rustling, flapping wings, the sound of mother birds calling their chicks... blend together like a concert sent to strange guests far away. When night gradually falls, it is also the time when nocturnal birds wake up and begin their activities, breaking the quiet darkness. Those noises are like the breath of the forest, awakening the connection between humans and nature.... With investment from the province, a canal has been dug around with a water tank and fish pond. Creating more food sources has made the natural environment here gradually regain its original wildness. Therefore, the number of bird species gradually increases and becomes increasingly rich and diverse.


Nha Mat tourist area

Nha Mat tourist area is the most famous tourist destination of Bac Lieu. With a large artificial beach, many interesting games such as roller coasters, electric scooters, etc. or 6D cinema, massgae rooms, etc., this promises to be a destination to dispel the stifling heat for tourists. guests this summer.




Chop Mat Tower



Chop Mat Tower is a work recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism as a historical-cultural relic, and is one of the last three ancient towers remaining in the South of our country. The entire tower is built of brick and slate with the top of the tower tapering upward, from the ground to the highest point of the tower is estimated to be 10m. The layers of bricks are stacked on top of each other and the impressive point is that it is so tight that it is difficult to find a gap. The main wall of the tower is located in the East direction while the remaining three walls rotate in the remaining three directions: West, South, North. This is a work that demonstrates the sophistication and talent of the ancient Oc Eo people. In addition, this ancient tower is located on a high mound in the middle of the field, so from a distance it looks like a pen rising gradually. This is a tourist destination worth exploring.


Visit the central base of the Southern Department

The Southern Department Central Base historical site is located in the north of Tay Ninh province, close to the Vietnam - Cambodia border, about 60km from Tay Ninh town.




Sala entertainment area






Ma Thien Lanh tourist area

Located in Thanh Tan commune, Tay Ninh town, Ma Thien Lanh is formed by 3 mountains: Ba Den Mountain, Heo Mountain and Phung Mountain.

This place has an area of ​​hundreds of hectares of primeval forests and gurgling streams that are both mysterious, wild and poetic. To get to this tourist area, you will go on a more than 3km long asphalt road from Provincial Road 785 to Phung Mountain and then to Ma Thien Lanh. However, as its name suggests, the road to this place is quite steep and dangerous. Therefore, before going, you should prepare carefully both physically and mentally to be able to safely get to Ma Thien Lanh. After overcoming that arduous journey, Ma Thien Lanh will not disappoint you because you will be immersed in the wildness, beautiful and peaceful scenery of this place without being affected much by the hand. human.


Long Dien Son tourist area



About 5km from Tay Ninh city center and 3km from Nui Ba tourist area, Long Dien Son tourist area will be a place you must visit when visiting Tay Ninh. This place stands out with its vast, airy and charming space and a water park with many interesting games for those who come with friends and family to relax. Long Dien Son Water Park has an area of ​​more than 2 hectares and is also the largest and only water park in Tay Ninh province today. Coming to have fun here, you will be able to try thrilling games such as slides, artificial ocean wave pools,... or children's areas for those who come here to play as a family.


Historical and cultural relic of Tua Hai victory

Located in Tua Hai hamlet, Dong Khoi commune, Chau Thanh district, Tay Ninh province, on Highway 22B, 7km northwest of Tay Ninh city.

Tua Hai is the name of a watchtower during the French period. Later, the US and Puppet continued to build here into a large strategic military base. In 1960, Tua Hai was a reserve weapons depot for all three tactical zones of the puppet regime. Here there is the 32nd Regiment of the 13th Puppet Division, along with a commando training school, a standing combat battalion and 2 reconnaissance companies "installed" among the people. On the night of January 25 and 26, 1960, the army and people of Tay Ninh and the armed forces of the Secret Region approached and suddenly attacked the enemy Regiment Headquarters in Tua Hai. This was the opening battle of the Dong Khoi armed movement throughout the South. The relic was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a historical site of the Tua Hai Victory Site in Decision No. 937/QD-BT dated September 23, 1993. .


Phu Da Island

Phu Dan Island is located about 100km from Ho Chi Minh City, so the island is a perfect tourist destination for city visitors to choose to go on a weekend trip. If traveling by motorbike, tourists should choose to travel according to the following route: Starting from Ho Chi Minh City, tourists travel in the direction of National Highway 1A to the West. When crossing My Thuan bridge, tourists move in the direction of Highway 53, then go straight along Pham Hung street to An Binh ferry terminal. Here, tourists continue to travel by boat to Phu Da island.

Phu Da Islet is a garden eco-tourism destination possessing a poetic and quiet natural landscape, with Phu Da God Temple as a place of spiritual worship for the people on the dune. In particular, visitors to Phu Da should definitely not miss the opportunity to enjoy Phu Da alcohol specialty - Phu Da rice snails. Rice snails are sold in all markets on the island. According to Mr. Ba Ngoi - a resident of Phu Da island, rice snails are at their fattiest and most delicious around the 5th month of the lunar calendar. The snails at this time are quite large and have a wonderful sweet and greasy taste. After being caught, rice snails will be processed into attractive dishes such as stir-fried rice snails with lemongrass and chili, boiled snails or mixed into salads, filled with pancakes... In Phu Da island, rice snails are sold. in all markets. Tourists who want to enjoy Phu Da rice snails should go to the markets to eat cheaply. After being full with Phu Da's rice snail specialty, visitors should continue their journey to visit Phu Da island through interesting activities such as canoeing, fishing, visiting fruit-laden orchards... Continued Meanwhile, tourists should visit Phu Da Temple to worship, pray for peace and visit the famous Ba Chua Xu Temple "whatever you pray for" at Phu Da island. And the experience of taking a boat trip to explore snail dunes In Ben Tre, in addition to Phu Da dunes, visitors can go to Phung dunes, Ben Tre Tien dunes or Thoi Son islets for tourists to explore the Western beauty of these tourist destinations. This unique calendar.


Lang Be tourist area

The road to Lang Be Tourist Area is quite simple. Starting from Saigon, you just need to cross Rach Mieu bridge, turn left about 700m to Ca Chuoi bridge. Crossing this bridge, you have reached this famous eco-tourism area.

Visitors coming to Lang Be eco-tourism area will not be able to help but be excited and interested in the natural scenery of the Southern region here. With unique features of organization and service. This place deserves to be a Western tourist destination that leaves the most unforgettable impression in the hearts of today's tourists. The interesting thing is that when you come here, you will be able to wear clever Ba Ba clothes. Participate in exciting folk games together such as riding a monkey bridge, swinging a coconut boat, riding a balance bike across a bridge, slapping a ditch to catch fish, swinging on a rope across the river,... Besides, if you want, you can also experience Exploding clay game. Let's show off your skills in cooking garden dishes with your friends. An extremely interesting and exciting experience, isn't it! Coming to Lang Be eco-tourism area, you will be impressed by the charming and poetic natural scenery in the river countryside. A special highlight of this place is the raft villages associated with the traditional profession of the local people. The space of Lang Be is extremely calm and peaceful, making anyone who comes here feel light and relaxed, letting go of all the worries of daily life. Try sitting on a small boat, floating, weaving through winding rivers. Or immerse yourself in the Western rivers and enjoy delicious and attractive fresh fruits. They will be wonderful moments that you will not want to forget any of them.


Lan Vuong tourist area

Only about 5km from Ben Tre city center, Lan Vuong tourist area is one of the ideal places for relaxation and entertainment chosen by many people. Visitors coming here can not only immerse themselves in the cool green natural space but also have the opportunity to experience fun games such as swinging bridge, rope swing, cycling across monkey bridge,...




Thua Duc Binh Dai Beach

One of the attractive things not to mention is that Ben Tre also attracts tourists by Thua Duc beach in Binh Dai. Here, there is still wild beauty with fine white sand and rows of green trees swaying and whispering in the wind. Surely, coming to this place, visitors will have wonderful and interesting experiences.

known as a place of peace, quiet, and wild beauty. With rows of poplars hanging on the side of the road. With the sound of the waves crashing and the sound of the wind blending together to create clear sounds that you will find hard to resist. is a natural beach, located in Binh Dai district, Ben Tre province. It is about 8km long, and located more than 60km from Ben Tre city. This is a place with a fresh, cool climate, and it attracts many tourists from many places to visit every year. Thua Duc Beach is a beach with wild and attractive beauty. The sea surface has undulating waves, and on the shore is a long, smooth sand beach. The sounds of the wind, the trees, the waves, all seem to blend into the Thua Duc harmony. A melodious melody, attracting visitors. This place has a fresh and cool climate, very suitable for sightseeing and relaxation. Each year here attracts more than 12,000 tourists, and Ben Tre province is trying to invest in Thua Duc beach to become a prominent tourist destination of Ben Tre, attracting 50,000-70,000 tourists each year. . This place is not only beautiful and attractive but also a rich area of ​​seafood such as clams, oysters, snails, crabs... Moreover, it is also famous for delicious banh xeo. Perhaps, coming here, visitors can fully feel the deliciousness of seafood and the rich flavor of banh xeo - the specialty here. The delicious taste of the cuisine is a special thing that makes Thua Duc leave its mark in the hearts of visitors. Coming to this beautiful, romantic sea, visitors will visit, swim, rest, relax and enjoy culinary culture with many delicious dishes. Thua Duc Beach in Binh Dai promises to bring the most interesting experiences to visitors. This place is also being invested and developed strongly, so surely in the future, it will become a great destination for all tourists from near and far.


Bung Binh Thien

Bung Binh Thien is a clear blue lake with poetic beauty in An Giang, very suitable for camping, picnicking and fishing. Coming to Bung Binh Thien, you will be able to take a boat around the lake, besides there are fishing and dining huts if you want to stop. This is a pristine tourist destination in An Giang, very suitable for couples going on dates!




Ancient House Ecological Area



The old house ecological area deserves to be a Vinh Long tourist destination that brings the clearest sense of nostalgia to visitors. It is called an ecological area because in addition to the old house that has been colored by time, it is surrounded by ornamental trees and fruit gardens, creating a harmonious green feeling. Even those who are not familiar with architecture will be amazed when looking at the sculptures of birds, flowers, etc. The entire ancient house is built of precious wood, with a history longer than its total age. of a group of tourists combined.


Vinh Sang tourist area



If you ask about a place for group entertainment in Vinh Long, many people will probably point you to Vinh Sang eco-tourism area. Vinh Sang farm has a triangular shape with a prime point being one side located along the bank of Co Chien river, opposite Vinh Long city. Perhaps nowhere else but this tourist area gives you the opportunity to admire many rare animals such as: bears, goats, pelicans, pythons, mangrove claws, sika deer, tribal pigs, pink-cheeked gibbons, monkeys, peacocks, and chickens. stars... Especially in Vinh Sang, the crocodile farming area of ​​about 200m2 will be a paradise for those who love thrills. Possessing such unique features, the resort still feels extremely close like a real Southern garden. The spacious and airy space is extremely suitable for "exciting" fun: grass skiing, shooting skills, cockfighting, ball throwing, blindfolded with ostrich feathers, fishing to win prizes... If you don't like noise. , solo tourists can enjoy the feeling of peace in the fishing huts. The entrance ticket price to Vinh Sang tourist area is very reasonable: 50,000 VND/adult and 35,000 VND/child (from 5 to 11 years old or height < 1.2m). If you buy a ticket to visit every Thursday, you will get free tickets for crocodile fishing, ostrich riding, and duck riding.


Hoang Hao ecotourism area

For those who want to once return to the peaceful and quiet place of the countryside, breathe fresh air and eat delicious folk dishes, Hoang Hao eco-tourism area is an ideal choice.

Located on National Highway No. 57, 2 km from Dinh Khao ferry, Hoang Hao eco-tourism area is located in Thanh Duc commune, Long Ho district, Vinh Long province. Hoang Hao is a brand new, super beautiful eco-tourism area in Vinh Long province. This place not only possesses cool green scenery but also has an extremely fresh atmosphere. Although it has only been in operation since 2019, it has quickly become an ideal entertainment, recreation and resort destination for all classes of people in Vinh Long in particular and tourists to the Mekong Delta in general. . Hoang Hao's entire campus is surrounded by a large green forest. When looking down from above, you will feel like this is a small oasis in the deep forest. Coming to Hoang Hao, you will fully enjoy the peace and quiet of the Mekong River Delta. The space at Hoang Hao tourist area is designed in the style of a Western garden with small water streams like mini rivers flowing throughout the entire tourist area. The two banks will be connected by a very unique and interesting monkey bridge. With a total construction area of ​​nearly 68 hectares, Hoang Hao Vinh Long eco-tourism area offers a variety of attractive entertainment services, suitable for both adults and children. Coming to Hoang Hao eco-tourism area, visitors will be immersed in the fresh natural scenery and participate in rustic garden services such as: fishing, canoeing, digging ditches to catch fish, Catching ducks, catching frogs... For those who like adventure, they can experience riding a bicycle across a plank bridge, or riding a monkey bridge and participating in many other games in the game complex. In particular, two famous games that many tourists love in the tourist village are Zorbing ball - a game that makes the ball roll from a grass hill with a moderate slope and the colorful water rolling ball game. In addition, with a large area and large space, Hoang Hao eco-tourism area is also a convenient and ideal place to organize team building, camping, picnics, extracurricular activities, and experience life skills. . At Hoang Hao there is also a mini house area to serve the overnight needs of visitors. The mini houses are covered with thatched roofs and corrugated iron roofs, underneath are brightly colored walls that stand out. Besides, in front of the row of mini houses is an extremely large lotus pond. Lotus trees cover the entire surface of the lake. During the lotus blooming season, this place will be covered with a charming pale pink color and passionate fragrance, creating an extremely romantic scene. After a long day of participating in sports games at Hoang Hao, you can choose a mini house within the resort grounds to rest. Every morning, when you wake up, you will breathe fresh air, watch the lotus flowers gradually bloom and hear the birds singing from afar. Truly a desirable life in harmony with nature. Especially when coming to Hoang Hao tourist area, don't forget to go to the super large restaurant area right on the premises of Hoang Hao eco-tourism area to enjoy typical dishes of the West. With a design in harmony with nature, the space here is extremely airy. You can try typical dishes such as: grilled chicken rice, banh xeo, Southern fish sauce hot pot, fried giant fish, sweet and sour lotus root, lotus root cake,... All of them bring the flavors of the river region. It's so delicious that you can't forget it even if you try it just once. In particular, tourists who love to explore will enjoy exciting and refreshing moments with the image of snakehead fish flying out of the water to catch bait and can prepare their own Southern folk cakes: banh xeo, Khot cake, or leaf cake...


Long An ancient pagoda



Long An ancient pagoda is a pagoda that is said to have been built at the end of the 19th century, by Mr. Ca Lam's family, who was devoted and donated 30 square meters of land to build a pagoda and do their own farming. Centuries ago, the pagoda became a stopping point for famous monks in the South such as Khanh Anh, Hue Quang, Khanh Hoa, and Phap Hai, establishing the Commune Study Federation to propagate the Dharma and spread the teachings across the country. language. Monks, Buddhists and visitors when setting foot in Long An ancient pagoda feel like they are lost in a place of peace, happiness and serenity. The chanting sounds help people escape their troubles.


Tra On floating market



If you want to learn about the unique culture and daily life of Vinh Long people, go to Tra On floating market. 250m from Tra On, the floating market downstream of Hau River has a length of over 300m, usually meeting along the water, so when the water is high, the market is crowded. Tra On floating market has the nature of a wholesale market distributing agricultural products to many other small markets in the province. Therefore, even if you visit the market at any time of the day, you will see crowded boats. Dotted among countless boats carrying colorful fruit trees are boats selling colorful ornamental flowers, creating very "love" moments in the bustling rhythm of trade.


Granite waterfall

While Dak Nong province is covered mainly by soil and sedimentary rocks (formed in the ocean environment) and soil and basalt rocks (formed when volcanic activity occurs), Ta Dung National Park possesses granite intrusive rocks, demonstrating a very diverse and complex geological process of Dak Nong UNESCO Global Geopark.

Granite is a light-colored rock derived from lava with grains large enough to be seen with the naked eye. This type of rock is formed from the slow crystallization of lava below the earth's surface. Granite is primarily composed of quartz and feldspar with small amounts of mica, silicate minerals and other minerals. Very few people know that, also here, there is a very special and unique waterfall with a flow covering granite blocks, which scientists named Granite Waterfall. Meanwhile, local people often call this waterfall "Sliding" waterfall because of the smoothness and shine of the rocks inside the waterfall. There are very few UNESCO Global Geoparks in the world that possess a similar type of granite waterfall. Granite waterfall is hidden in the old forest in Dak Som commune, Dak G'long district. From Highway 28, to reach the waterfall, you need to walk about 1 km in the direction of the sign of Dak Nong UNESCO Global Geopark. Along this walking route, visitors have the opportunity to enjoy cool, fresh air and admire the wild, beautiful natural landscape along both sides of the road. The district has also invested in building a viewing hut to observe the poetic beauty of the granite waterfall area. Although it is a small waterfall, this place is a sacred place, where community activities of local people take place, such as worshiping ceremonies of the Ma ethnic people for many generations. to pray for good weather and good crops. As a tourist attraction on the Echoes from the Earth route, the romantic granite waterfall that stands out on the majestic natural landscape of Ta Dung mountains and forests is definitely an attractive destination, not to be missed for tourists. Prefer exploration and adventure.


Bang Mo volcano

Located on the "Symphony of the New Wind" tourist route, Bang Mo Volcano is a geological experience point, to explore the space- and time-transcending imprints of the Earth's geological tectonic history. This former M'nong.

Bang Mo volcano (formerly known as Ea T'Linh volcano) is located in Ea T'Linh town, Cu Jut district. This is a young volcano, typical of the central eruption type, dating back 200,000 - 600,000 years. Bang Mo crater is quite well preserved with a relatively round and clear shape; about 242m in diameter, 40m high, 15o slope and at an altitude of 407m above sea level. Around this area, scattered slag, ash, rocks and volcanic bombs can be found. From the foot of the volcano, climbing to the crater takes about 30 minutes. The mountain slopes are gentle so it is suitable for visitors of all ages. From the stopping point on the top of the mountain, looking far into the distance, one can embrace the entire space of a peaceful and prosperous Ea T'Linh town. Bang Mo volcano promises to be an interesting and new destination for tourists from all over.


Dak Mil Prison historical site

Located in village 9, Dak Lao commune, Dak Mil district, about 1km from Dak Mil town center. This is the place where hundreds of our patriotic soldiers were harshly imprisoned during the resistance war against the French in the period 1940 - 1943, including many soldiers who successfully escaped prison and became key leaders of the Party: Mr. Ybih Aléo - Vice President of the Liberation Front of South Vietnam, Major General Le Nam Thang - Commander of the Hanoi Capital Military Region, Deputy Inspector of the Ministry of National Defense; Mr. Nguyen Tao - Minister of Forestry (now Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development); Lieutenant General Tran Sam, Lieutenant General Tran Van Quang,...

Dak Mil Prison consists of 9 compartments, wooden walls, thatched roof, surrounded by barbed wire fences, inside there are 2 rows of wooden floors as sleeping beds for prisoners, with leg shackles and hand shackles, located isolated from the outside. . Over time, only the bases remained in Dak Mil Prison, but with the efforts of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism, the attention of Party committees, the Party and former political prisoners who were imprisoned here, On March 17, 2005, Dak Mil Prison was recognized as a national historical relic by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and on December 30, 2010, the inauguration ceremony of the prison historical relic site was held. Dak Mil on a campus of more than 2,000 square meters. Coming here, visitors will visit the area displaying artifacts, memorial stele, and the area restoring images of labor and imprisonment of soldiers in Dak Mil prison in the past. Dak Mil Prison is a useful resource address for the young generation when visiting Dak Mil.


West Lake

Located in the heart of Dak Mil town (formerly Duc Lap district), West Lake is like a giant mirror, deep and clear blue water. A semi-natural lake, created by French plantation owners 45-50 years ago to provide water for coffee plantations, in 1982, Dak Mil district invested in upgrading and expanding the lake surface. so that West Lake has the appearance it has today.

West Lake has an open surface of 108 hectares, a circumference of more than 10km, the deepest point of the lake is about 15-17 m. Because there is no water source from rivers and streams, only underground water and rainwater are deposited, so the water of West Lake All year round it is green, clean and never runs out. The east side of the lake is the central area of ​​Dak Mil town, the south and southwest of the lake are vast green coffee and cocoa forests, and within the lake there is a poetic 120-hectare peninsula. Viewed from satellite, West Lake is like an outstretched hand supporting the vast, green coffee forests. Today, Dak Mil district is interested in investing in West Lake with parks and fountains around the shore. The lake is also surrounded by stone embankments, walkways are built, and shade trees are planted. Around the lake are restaurants and bars. poetic cafes, garden villas in French, Thai or Gothic architectural styles, with the appearance of Xuan Huong Lake - Da Lat, worthy of the name of the Secretary of the Provincial Party Committee for Dak town Mil is Garden City. West Lake is located 67 km northeast of Gia Nghia town, 60 km southwest of Ban Me Thuot city, right on Highway 14, the main road connecting the Central Highlands provinces with Ho Chi Minh City and Ho Chi Minh City. Southeast provinces; 30 km from Gia Long - Dray Sap - Dray Nur - Trinh Nu waterfall cluster along provincial road 3; 50 km from Buon Don National Park along Highway 14C; 5 km east of Dak Per border gate to Moldunkiri province - Kingdom of Cambodia, and located in the heart of a town that will be upgraded into a town in the near future, West Lake is an ideal place to invest in new areas. resort, restaurant, hotel, entertainment or sports complex because Dak Mil West Lake will certainly be a beautiful resort, sightseeing, stopping point, and a central transit point of a series of tourist attractions. scenic spots around the area. Stop or rest around the lake, enjoy the vast space of the sky, the fragrant coffee flowers of the earth, the immense silence of the lake surface, visit the historical relic site of Dak Mil Prison, and meet the residents. The people are gentle, lovely and hospitable, visit lovely garden houses hidden in lush flower gardens, enjoy a cup of genuine Duc Lap coffee or Dak Mil specialty avocados, mangoes, and durians. , we feel more relaxed, more peaceful and love life more than ever.


Hill 722 Relics

Hill 722 - Dak Sak is a US-Puppet commando base established in 1965. This is where a fierce battle took place between regular troops and local military forces attacking and destroying the commando base on September 19, 2019. August 22 and 23, 1968. Hill 722 is at an altitude of 722m above sea level in Tho Hoang 4 village, Dak Sak commune, Dak Mil district.

In May 1965, the US - puppet government and the Saigon government built the Hill 722 military base (also known as Duc Lap special forces camp) about 10 km east of the center of Duc Lap district to strengthen their forces. volume and increased military activities. To deal with the enemy's plots and tricks, in 1968 the Politburo and Central Highlands Field Command determined it was necessary to destroy the enemy at Duc Lap district headquarters, whose core was the military base Hill 722 - Dak Sak, one of the enemy's key strongholds on the Central Highlands front. Implementing that policy, during the years 1968 to 1975, our main force coordinated with the local army and people to organize many battles at this base, on the one hand to drain the enemy's vital forces, and on the other hand to defeat the enemy. destroyed the system of posts that were sabotaging the Ho Chi Minh Trail on the Southern Central Highlands battlefield. After 1968, after many heavy defeats in the Southern Central Highlands battlefield, the enemy retreated and entrenched in military bases, in which Hill 722 - Dak Sak was an important military base. From here, they continued to implement the policy of gathering people to form hamlets. Faced with that situation, to maintain the posture, the Quang Duc Provincial Party Committee directed the Dak Mil District Party Committee to be determined to overcome difficulties and implement the "three clings" (cadres cling to the people, civilians cling to the land and guerrillas cling to the enemy) to continue. continue to fight the enemy, promote the construction of rear bases, increase production, and ensure food supply for the front; Expand the liberated area, push the enemy into a clustered position, and prepare to fight with the people of the whole country. By 1975, Dak Sak and Duc Lap strongholds were completely wiped out by our troops. After the liberation day, to commemorate the great sacrifice of our officers and soldiers at Hill 722 - Dak Sak in particular, and in the Duc Lap campaign in the fall of 1968 in general, Dak Nong province established a memorial to them. heroic martyrs. On October 24, 2012, Hill 722 relic - Dak Sak was recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism as a national historical relic. This is a historical relic of great significance in traditional education, political awareness for the young generation, and gratitude for the great contributions of our ancestors. It is one of the historical milestones in the struggle for national liberation of the Party Committee and People of Dak Nong province in particular and Vietnam in general. Currently, Hill 722 - Dak Sak Historical Site has a total area of ​​nearly 4 hectares. On this site, there are still some relics and military equipment, such as shoes, hats, and bullet casings. In 2010, Area I of the monument was invested by the State to build a memorial stele house, green campus and fence with a total construction investment area of ​​2,485m2. Every year, the relic serves about 1,000 visitors to visit and study.


Yang Prong Tower

This is the only tower in the Central Highlands built at the end of the 13th century to worship Shiva in the form of Mulkhalinga, praying for prosperity and happiness. The tower's architecture is a harmonious combination of ancient Cham culture and the influence of Hindu artistic culture.




Thuy Tien Waterfall

Located in Giang Tien village, Ea Puk commune, Krong Nang district, about 56 km east of Buon Ma Thuot city center




Dray Nur Waterfall

As one of the symbols and pride of the people in Dak Lak, Dray Nur waterfall carries within itself the majestic yet dreamy beauty of the Central Highlands mountains and forests. Whoever comes once is remembered, whoever meets once is loved...




Dinh Lac Giao

As the first Vietnamese communal house in the Central Highlands, Lac Giao Communal House is located at 67 Phan Boi Chau, Thong Nhat Ward, Buon Ma Thuot City, built by the people of Lac Giao village in 1928, with the purpose of making A place for cultural and religious activities and worship of the village God Emperor. “Lac Giao” has the meaning of expressing the friendship and oath between Kinh and Thuong to work together to fight against the oppression and exploitation of the colonial government.




Dak Lak Museum

Dak Lak Museum is located in Buon Ma Thuot city, built in 2008 with a length of 130m, a width of 65m, an area of ​​9,200m², with 02 floors in a modern style combined with national cultural traditions. Highlands.




Hoi mat weaving village

Hoi mat weaving village is one of the traditional craft villages that has existed for a long time in Hoi village, Tan Le commune, Hung Ha district, Thai Binh province. Even the people living here do not know that the mat craft appeared. Since when have you been in the village and who is the founder of the craft?




Con Den tourist area

Con Den is located 3km from the mainland in Thai Do commune, Thai Thuy district, Thai Binh province. 15km south of Diem Dien Town and about 40km west of Thai Binh city center. To get to this location, visitors can easily go by both public and private transportation.




Dinh San Festival



San village was formerly located in Phuong Lan commune, Phuong Nhon district, Lang Giang district, Kinh Bac district, Dai Viet country. This is a charming land of mountains and water, favorable terrain, with conditions for convergence and communication with the four directions. Located next to Highway 31, 15km northeast of Bac Giang city, the national art architectural complex - San Pagoda is located on the head of a phoenix with rows of neighbors stretching out on both sides of the bird's wings. In front of the communal house's door is a village lake and communal well "situated on the mountain, accumulating water", spiritual convergence, so they are sought after by tourists from all over during the New Year's festivals. San Communal House worships the village's tutelary gods Cao Son, Quy Minh and Minh Giang Do Thong. According to legend, these were the three generals under the reign of the 18th Hung King, who were credited with destroying the enemy, saving the country, and helping the people. On April 20, 1995, the state decided to recognize the Communal House - San Pagoda as a "National Cultural - Historical Art Monument". In the early spring story with the seniors, Mr. Do Van Duoc, 85 years old, Former Chairman of Phuong Son Commune People's Committee recounted: In 1715, San villagers built a communal house. At that time, the village had two borders, east and west. Each armor is responsible for providing materials to build one side of the communal house. The village invited two unions of workers to work together according to a unified standard but independent of both sides. Every worker tries to refine and show off their skills and talents, so the parts created are truly unique and sophisticated works of architectural art. Go through the large yard in front of the door to reach the great communal house. consisting of 3 compartments (haidi, two left) tall, majestic, majestic with 4 curved blades, wonderfully decorated. The roof is covered with two dragons flanking the moon, with pincers and crocodiles at both ends. The images of worshiping Nghe and phoenix dancing embossed on the banks are vivid and the roof with lemon flowers running throughout enhances the majestic beauty while still being gentle and elegant. The village communal house is built in the style of peacock letters. The great communal house and the harem court are connected to 3 morning glory rooms, making the communal house more massive than other communal houses in the region. On the rafters still retain many exquisitely carved details in the artistic style of the Le Trung Renaissance period with the theme of the four sacred animals "Dragon - Ly - Quy - Phuong", "Fairy riding a dragon", "Long Van Khanh Hoi"... It is also a message affirming the land of outstanding people, the land of Father Dragon and Mother Fairy so that generations of descendants like cloud dragons can meet each other, have good rain, peaceful wind, and prosperous people. On the 10th day of the first lunar month festival, people from the east and west prepare two feasts to worship saints Cao Son and Quy Minh. Families and clans gather their children and grandchildren to go to the communal house to hold the ceremony. House banquets are similar to village banquets but smaller and in recent years there have been additional banquets of teams and villages. The procession of high trays and full feasts from the village, from the hamlets, to the families and clans followed each other in the brilliant spring colors, enough to see the prosperity and joy of this land of outstanding spiritual people. The 10th is the main festival, but the festival has been jubilant since the 8th. Many folk games are vividly recreated such as: swinging fairies, climbing bridges to catch ducks, smashing pots, or shrimp whore's nests, human chess, bridge robbing, deer fighting, fishing, spinning, wrestling... Tell about unique identity of his homeland, Mr. Do Van Thu - Chairman of Phuong Lan Agricultural Cooperative shows off the fairy swing game with its unique beauty, happiness and health that only takes place when the village comes to the festival. The swing tree built next to the communal house or in the village consists of 4 large old male bamboo trees. Four suitable old bamboo trees about 5 - 6 m long were selected, buried about 3 - 4 meters apart and the tops were tied together with ropes. On top of the cross, place a piece of old male bamboo to act as a shoulder pole and swing arm. Two people swing, stand facing each other, swing, push the swing higher and higher. The couple soared to a height of about 4-5 meters, crossed the border, called "stinging venom". From above, the peaceful village scene spread out as far as the eye could see. The joy was sublimated. They no longer bounced but let the swing slowly stop, ending a round of high-flying, exciting play. The spring days seemed endless, the atmosphere filled the peaceful village and lasted until the first of Monday like the song "San Pagoda in the seventh month of February, whoever doesn't go to the festival will still hear the sound". The descendants of San village, no matter how far they go to work, still return to the village these days to attend the festival as an opportunity to repay their ancestors. Amidst the busyness of daily life, the beautiful and simple culture in the ancient village is like a great sound in a song that connects the love between neighbors.


Hang Te Cho Waterfall

Hang Te Cho Waterfall is located at the end of Lang Nhi commune, the border between Yen Bai and Son La provinces. Hang Te Cho waterfall leans against Ta Xua forest, a mysterious and stimulating destination for many backpackers.




Pu Nhu Waterfall

Pu Nhu Waterfall is located in Pu Nhu village, La Pan Tan commune, Mu Cang Chai district (Yen Bai). The waterfall is located about 10km west of Mu Cang Chai district center. Originating from streams in the forests upstream from Lao Cai and Son La. The waterfall has a water column height of about 20m divided into many steps. On beautiful sunny days, looking up from below, the evaporating water bubbles make the waterfall look like it is covered by a white veil. Located between two high vertical rocky cliffs, Pu Nhu waterfall appears like a watercolor painting.




Suoi Giang

Yen Bai is a mountainous province blessed by nature with many scenic spots. One of the places with hidden beauty, suitable for ecotourism, relaxation, and learning about local culture that has attracted many tourists from all over, is Suoi Giang.




Pa Sy Waterfall

Pa Sy Waterfall is one of the beautiful landscapes bestowed by nature on the mountains and forests of Kon Tum. The Pa Sy waterfall cultural and ecological tourism area has been put into operation for tourism since 2014. With an area of ​​nearly 25 hectares, this is one of the tourist destinations that still preserves its pristine beauty with few traces. artificial, attracting tourists who like to experience and explore.




Chu Hreng Mountain

Chu Hreng mountain range is located in the south of Kon Tum city with a total length of about 11km, the mountain direction runs in the Northwest - Southeast direction, starting from Kon K'Tu Village, Dak Ro Wa commune and ending. Ending at Sao Mai Pass, Hoa Binh commune, Kon Tum city, adjacent to Chu Pao mountain range in Ia Khui commune, Chu Pah district, Gia Lai province. Mostly along the top of the mountain range is the administrative boundary between Gia Lai and Kon Tum provinces. Chu Hreng Mountain has the highest point equivalent to 1,152m above sea level.




Dam Vac tourist area

Located in the south of the city. Vinh Yen, Dam Vac tourist area is considered the "green lung" of the city and is the highlight of Vinh Phuc tourism.




Dak Ke Lake

Dak Ke Lake is locally called Toong Ro Pong Lake, belonging to Mang Den eco-tourism area. The location has a total area of ​​about 3 hectares (the largest of the 7 lakes), in Kon Plong district, Kon Tum province. From the city center, go northeast along Highway 24 about 54km to Dak Ke Lake.




Kon Klor suspension bridge

Kon Klor suspension bridge is located in Kon Klor village, Kon Tum city, Kon Tum province. It is the largest and most beautiful cable-stayed bridge in the Central Highlands region, connecting the two banks of the Dak Bla river. The bridge is 292m long, 4.5m wide, designed and started construction on February 3, 1993 and completed on May 1, 1994, with an orange-yellow color that stands out in the hot yellow sunshine of the region. Central Highlands land.




Kon Tum Museum

Located right at the beginning of the gateway to the center of Kon Tum city, next to the gentle, windy Dak Bla river. The museum was built with a scale and architecture based on the visual arts of the Central Highlands, and is an image of a Rong house imbued with the traditional identity of Kon Tum ethnic minorities.




Xa Huong Lake

Nestled in the middle of Con Trau mountain valley, in Minh Quang commune, Tam Dao district, Vinh Phuc province, Xa Huong lake is only about 60km from the center of Hanoi, so this is a very easy place to have a motorbike trip. .




Huong Canh Pottery Village

Huong Canh Pottery Village is located far from the city. Vinh Yen is 12km, about 42km from Hanoi capital, in Lo Cang village, Huong Canh town, Binh Xuyen district, Vinh Phuc province, not too far, so it is very suitable for short or day trips.




Phuong Nam Cultural Tourist Area - Nam Phuong Linh Tu

Phuong Nam Cultural Tourism Area is located in Long Hung A commune, Lap Vo district, Dong Thap province. With an area of ​​up to 17 hectares, including 5 main items: Nam Phuong Linh Tu, Nam Phuong Linh Tu Dang clan, house Dang family museum, Southern museum and surrounding corridor. The most prominent of which is the Nam Phuong Linh Tu project, which honors and commemorates 125 historical figures who have reclaimed, opened, preserved and glorified the Southern land. Nam Phuong Linh, with an area of ​​509m², achieved 2 Vietnamese records: The first temple worshiping famous people who contributed to the process of opening, preserving and glorifying the Southern land; The temple has many of the largest bronze statues of figures who contributed to the opening of the Southern land.

Coming here, visitors will not only be able to visit works commemorating historical figures who publicly destroyed the Southern land, but also have the opportunity to admire with their own eyes a clear picture of the ancient Southern countryside. Phuong Nam Cultural Tourism Area is a project that started construction on October 30, 2009 and officially opened to visitors on December 24, 2017. With an area of ​​up to 17 hectares, including 5 main items: Nam Phuong Linh Tu, Nam Phuong Linh Tu Dang clan, Dang family museum, Southern museum and surrounding Truong Lang row (symbolizing the 5 continents). . Coming here, visitors will not only be able to visit works commemorating historical figures who publicly destroyed the Southern land, but also have the opportunity to admire with their own eyes a clear picture of the ancient Southern countryside. Phuong Nam Cultural Tourism Area is a project that started construction on October 30, 2009 and officially opened to visitors on December 24, 2017. With an area of ​​up to 17 hectares, including 5 main items: Nam Phuong Linh Tu, Nam Phuong Linh Tu Dang clan, Dang family museum, Southern museum and surrounding Truong Lang row (symbolizing the 5 continents). .


Go Thap relic site

Go Thap relic site located in hamlet 1, Tan Kieu commune, Thap Muoi district, Dong Thap province was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a National Monument in 1989 and in 2012 was ranked as a National Monument by the Prime Minister. Special National Monuments. Besides archaeological, historical and architectural values, the relics in Go Thap are mostly spiritual cultural works worshiping national heroes and sages with meritorious contributions. Reclamation, hamlet establishment, and religious establishments intertwine together to contribute to building the cultural and spiritual life for the people of Dong Thap Muoi region.

In recent years, from the results of archaeological and historical research, it has been shown that Go Thap is a place that converges many outstanding archaeological, historical, cultural, and ecological values, and the most obvious manifestation is Spiritual cultural values ​​through belief and religious relics such as the Thien Ho Vo Duy Duong Temple relic and the General Nguyen Tan Kieu Temple, which mark the glorious victories of two national heroes who selflessly saved country, led the insurgent army against the French (1862-1866). The battles organized by the two men repeatedly caused the French colonialists to lose food, lose sleep, and suffer heavy losses. This is a project with profound meaning, imbued with the traditional ethic "When drinking water, remember its source" to remember the great gratitude of ancestors who have contributed to the country and educate patriotism of generations of Vietnamese people in the resistance war against foreign invaders. Along with relics worshiping national heroes, in the complex of historical and cultural relics in Go Thap, there is also a relic worshiping Ba Chua Xu with bold folk beliefs. Ba Chua Xu Temple in Go Thap is popular with residents in the area. It was built to worship Her - Mother of the Land of Dong Thap Muoi to show respect for the goddess who gave birth and nurtured, brought food and clothing to the people living around the area, and at the same time so that people have a place to pay their respects to her early in the day. Thereby expressing the dream of people wishing for all things to proliferate, have a prosperous and happy life, and at the same time express the morals and traditional cultural beauties left by ancestors. Besides the belief of worshiping the Mother Goddess of the land, in Go Thap there is also a folk belief of worshiping the Queen. According to folk legend, Hoang Co was the younger sister of King Gia Long. Around the 18th century, when Nguyen Anh fled to the South, sometimes secluding in Go Thap, Hoang Co died here, was buried by the people and built a temple. worship. In addition to temple relics, Go Thap relic area also has the relic of Thap Linh Pagoda, also known as the Ancient Pagoda. The pagoda was simply built by Vietnamese residents during the reign of King Thieu Tri (1841-1847) to worship Buddha and pray. so that the people who reclaim land and start a business can live in peace, prosperity, and happiness. The temple was destroyed during the war so it was much damaged. After the liberation of the South and the implementation of the policy of freedom of religious belief, in 1992 the Provincial People's Committee advocated for the Huong Hoi Committee to campaign for the reconstruction of the spacious pagoda as it is today, so that believers can Buddhists have a sanctuary to worship and practice their religion. At the same time, every year at Go Thap relic site there are two traditional festivals: Ba Chua Xu on the full moon day of the third lunar month and the death anniversary of two national heroes Thien Protector Vo Duy Duong and General Nguyen Tan. Kieu on the full moon day of the 11th lunar month. Go Thap Festival has a strong traditional folk character, expressing respectful gratitude to ancestors, deep belief in gods, and through the festival reflects the earnest aspirations and wishes of the people. Dong Thap Muoi farmers. That's why Go Thap festival has become a typical traditional festival in the South. Every festival, the pace of life of the people here takes place in a hustle and bustle with groups of visitors from all over coming to pray for wealth and fortune, immerse themselves in the atmosphere of folk festivals, and enjoy traditional music. Unique cultural and artistic activities such as dancing, singing, folk games, culture, and art are very rich, making people forget the hardships of everyday life to come together in sympathy towards the good. truth, goodness and beauty. Through the religious and religious relics in Go Thap, we can see the precious values ​​of Go Thap land, full of the great sacrifices of national heroes during the resistance war against the French; With the protection and protection of mother earth, it brings lush crops and a peaceful nation and people; a new belief in a prosperous, happy life and the support of Buddha... All have created a traditional cultural value in Go Thap that is characteristic of the Dong Thap Muoi region and the entire South. .Along with the historical process, spiritual cultural values ​​through historical and cultural relics in Go Thap Relic Area are always passed down from generation to generation, contributing to cultivating moral values. precious virtue, raising awareness and responsibility of people from all walks of life in today's life.


Phuoc Kien Pagoda (Lotus Leaf Pagoda)

Phuoc Kien Pagoda, also known as La Sen Pagoda, was built with unique architecture bearing the imprint of Buddhism. The most prominent highlight of the pagoda is the giant lotus leaves with a diameter of 1.5m to 2m, thick, large leaf veins, 4-5 cm high edges like a strange-looking sedge.

In particular, this lotus leaf can withstand the weight of a 70kg adult. If you don't see it with your own eyes, some people will doubt that under that giant lotus leaf there must be a steel frame. Coming here, visitors will have A time to calm down and relax in the quiet space and fresh air of the temple and light incense to pray for all the happiness for your family and loved ones.


Gao Giong eco-tourism area

Gao Giong eco-tourism area in Gao Giong commune, Cao Lanh district, is a typical land of the Dong Thap Muoi ecosystem, the water and soil are heavily contaminated with alum. With human labor, Gao Giong has become a protective forest - the green lung of the Dong Thap Muoi region, creating living space for many species of birds, fish and plants to grow and flourish, with an area of ​​1,670 hectares. , including 250 hectares of primeval forest with bushes, bamboo shoots, reeds, lotus, water lilies, cannas, dippers,... and a bird sanctuary of more than 36 hectares, diverse in species and especially the rare species of Nhac Nhan introduced. Red List.

Coming here, visitors will be amazed by the bird sanctuary larger than 36 hectares with many species of birds flying in every corner of the sky. In the vast expanses of forest, dozens of waterbird species live and nest all year round such as: Red comb, Con Coc, Le Le, Heron, Mallard,... The most numerous are still white storks with tens of thousands of birds. This makes this Melaleuca forest considered the largest stork garden today in the Dong Thap Muoi region. During flood season, thousands of white storks fly above the green cajuput candles in the fields, creating a breathtaking scene. As for the lotus fields, thousands of red-combed herrings gather here to leisurely pluck fresh stalks. Occasionally crowing accompanied by beautiful dances. Coming to Gao Giong, not only can you hear the birds singing in the trees, you can also hear the sound of fish waving their tails invitingly in the water like the verses: "Please come to my hometown like this. My hometown is both beautiful and beautiful. In the river, fish swim, on "birds fly in the sky"... Visitors to Gao Giong will feel the peace and joy when floating on dinghy through canals, riding bicycles in melaleuca forests, resting in people's leaf huts and enjoying Enjoy unique Western specialties in the flood season such as: grilled snake, cool vegetables, water lily...


Sa Dec Rose Field tourist area

Where do you plan to travel on the weekends? In our opinion, you should go to Sa Dec City (Dong Thap province) to see roses and watch snakehead fish flying, which is extremely interesting. Sa Dec city is known as the Flower City in the West - this place has just opened to serve the Sa Dec rose field tourist area in Tan Hiep cluster, Tan Quy Dong ward.

30 billion VND is the amount of money to build this tourist area, Sa Dec rose field has an area of ​​more than 2.5 hectares. In addition to 6,000 thousand rose plants of over 20 different types being cared for here, the tourist attraction also invests in many miniature landscapes to serve tourists, such as: infinity ladder, sunflower fields, boat wharf. flowers, invisible bamboo bridges, lotus ponds, thatched houses, fish catching traps... The most different thing here is that when you come here, you will be very satisfied with the unique flying snakehead fish performance and get to visit the process. rose water extract.


Huynh Thuy Le ancient house

The house was originally the residence of Mr. Huynh Thuy Le's family - the first lover of the French female writer, Marguerite Duras. This love affair later became a memoir for her to write the famous novel The Lover in 1984. This work was adapted into the film L'Amant in 1992 by French director Jean-Jaues Annaud.

The house was built by Mr. Huynh Thuan (father of Mr. Huynh Thuy Le) from wood in 1895 and in 1917, the house was repaired, all surrounding wooden walls were replaced with lime and umbrellas and the house had its current shape. Huynh Thuy Le ancient house is a harmonious combination of Eastern and Western architecture. The entire house is built on an area of ​​258 square meters, shaped like a traditional Vietnamese house, with a yin-yang tiled roof, The two sides of the gable are curved in the shape of a boat in the style of a Northern pagoda to create a soft look for the roof. However, the architecture inside the house is tall and airy, the walls are built of very thick solid bricks from 30-40cm covering the wooden frame structure, increasing the load-bearing capacity according to traditional French architecture. The house has three rooms, decorated inside in Chinese style. The balconies and railings are painted with gold and carved very similar to Chinese pagodas. The middle balcony frame has a double Loan Phung carving representing "Loan Phung Hoa Minh Sac Cam Dao" which means eternal happiness. . The frames on both sides are carved with birds, flowers and leaves, representing the family's prosperity. In particular, in the middle of the main house there is a worship of Quan Cong, a traditional Chinese belief; At the same time, it also shows strength and prosperity in life. The wooden doors, cabinets, beds, and altars are all carved very elaborately and delicately. Huynh Thuy Le ancient house has been recognized as a historical and cultural relic at the provincial level and is being proposed as a national relic; is an attractive tourist destination for visitors to Dong Thap.


Hai Luu stork garden

Hai Luu stork garden is considered one of 5 famous ecological forests in Vinh Phuc. Not as large as Tam Dao National Park, not as wild as Dai Lai Lake... Hai Luu Stork Garden has a very unique feature, very poetic and very peaceful. Coming to Hai Luu stork garden, visitors will be immersed in the beautiful natural scenery.




Phu Cuong Waterfall

Located in the Phu Cuong quarry area, in Dun commune, Chu Se district, Gia Lai province; about 3 km from Chu Se town and about 45 km southeast of Pleiku city.




Le Kim Waterfall

Le Kim is the name of a waterfall on Blang stream - the boundary between Ia To commune (B14 commune), Ia Grai district and Ia Dok commune (B9 commune), Duc Co district.




Nine-Storey Waterfall

The nine-story waterfall is located in Ia Ba commune, about 16 km from the center of Ia Grai district, from the city. Pleiku is about 20 km along Provincial Highway 664 - National Highway 14C.

Unlike other waterfalls where the water pours down from a skyscraper cliff, the nine-tiered waterfall stretches across rugged cliffs, each tier is 5-10m high, with the last 2 tiers being about 10-15m high and standing up. creating strong currents and swirling water. Surrounding the waterfall is a fairly pristine forest ecosystem, contributing to the wild and majestic beauty of the waterfall. The gentle waterfall winding around the cliffs with the soothing murmuring sound makes this an ideal and interesting weekend picnic spot for tourists inside and outside the province who want to explore and learn about the wild and magical beauty. of the waterfall as well as the mountains and forests of the Central Highlands.


Bau Can Waterfall

Bau Can Waterfall belongs to Team 3, Bau Can commune, Chu Prong district, about 20km from Pleiku city




Ham Rong mountain

If you are someone who likes to explore majestic beauty, Ham Rong Mountain is a place not to be missed. For any tourist who has ever been to Gia Lai, specifically Ham Rong Mountain, they all have a common feeling that the beauty of Ham Rong Mountain is a blend of majestic beauty and peace, a bit magical. of mountains and forests. In particular, when standing on the top of the mountain, you can see the entire city from above. The vast coffee fields, the green tea hills... all appear in the most wonderful way.




Bac Trach Church

Bac Trach Church, also known as the Temple of Our Lady of the Rosary, is located in Van Truong commune, Tien Hai district, Thai Binh. This is a cathedral of magnificent, splendid and extremely magnificent beauty. Anyone who visits the temple must be surprised and exclaim in admiration at the magnificence of this church.




Thai Hai stilt house village

Thai Hai stilt house village belongs to My Hao hamlet, Thinh Duc commune, City. Thai Nguyen. This is an oasis located between two big cities of Thai Nguyen, just far from the city center. Thai Nguyen and city center. Cong River is about 10km, 3km from Ba Van Horse Farm.




Ba Van horse farm

Thai Nguyen is famous for its vast tea fields or the beautiful Nui Coc Lake associated with the love story of a couple. If you want to find a new experience in the "tea land", now when you come to Thai Nguyen, you can also find a new location: Ba Van horse farm. Ba Van horse farm is located in Binh Son commune, Song Cong city, Thai province. Original.




Vai Mieu Lake

In Ky Phu commune, Dai Tu district, Thai Nguyen province, Vai Mieu lake appears as a beautiful and poetic natural picture, promising to be a potential tourist destination of Thai Nguyen province.




Khuon Tat Waterfall

Khuon Tat Waterfall is a scenic spot of Thai Nguyen. The waterfall is located in Tin Keo hamlet, Phu Dinh commune, Dinh Hoa district and nearly 70km from Thai Nguyen city center. Khuon Tat Waterfall is located in the ATK Dinh Hoa historical relic area, the center of the Viet Bac base and the headquarters of the long-term resistance war led by President Ho Chi Minh in the war against the French colonialists (1946). -1954). Khuon Tat Waterfall was ranked as a national scenic spot in 2002.




Ghenh Che Lake

Ghenh Che Lake is located in Binh Son commune, City. Cong River, has an area of ​​about 40 hectares. Surrounded by vast fat forests and eucalyptus forests. Possessing eye-catching landscapes, fresh air, and a location not too far from the city, in the past few years, Ghenh Che Lake has become an eco-tourism destination that attracts a large number of tourists to relax. go fishing...




Thai Nguyen Cave Pagoda

Hang Pagoda is located in the center of Chua Hang town, Dong Hy district, Thai Nguyen province, 3 km north of Thai Nguyen city, on the left of National Highway 1B, direction from Thai Nguyen to Lang Son. The pagoda has many characteristics of the mountainous region, so it was selected to be included in the collection of 100 typical Vietnamese pagodas published for the first time in 2011. According to legend, this is an ancient pagoda dating back to the 11th century and has been ranked National level scenic relic in 1999.




Tan Cuong tea hill

Not only known for its specialty, especially delicious tea, Thai Nguyen is also famous for its vast green Tan Cuong tea hills. It is also because of that immense beauty that anyone who comes here cannot forget this unique and difficult to distinguish flavor. Therefore, there is nothing better than being immersed in that green color.




Bitter Dat

Dat Dang belongs to Phu Xuyen commune, Dai Tu district, Thai Nguyen province. From the center of Thai Nguyen city, along Highway 37 connecting Thai Nguyen and Tuyen Quang, it takes about an hour for visitors to ride a motorbike to Phu Xuyen commune and then continue for more than 2 km on the trail to near the base of the land. After parking the car and walking about 2 km across streams, jagged rocks, and green hills, Dat Dang waterfall appears in layers and layers, which will definitely not disappoint the efforts of passionate visitors. love to travel and explore.




Nam Rut Waterfall (Falling Rain)

Thai Nguyen is a province located adjacent to Hanoi, with terrain mainly consisting of hills, mountains, rivers and streams interspersed with small plains. This terrain has created many unique landscapes, including Nam Rut waterfall, located far from the city. Thai Nguyen is 30km away, in Than Sa commune, Vo Nhai district.




Prenn Waterfall

Located only 10km south of the city center, Prenn waterfall is located right at the foot of Prenn pass. Possessing a prime location at the gateway to the city, Prenn Waterfall is a welcoming place for tourists when visiting Da Lat. Therefore, Prenn waterfall has been exploited effectively and is currently part of the Prenn waterfall tourist area, which is very attractive to tourists.

Located at the gateway to the city, the road to Prenn waterfall is quite easy and convenient for visitors. Just go straight along Highway 20, along Lien Khuong Highway, you will see the Prenn waterfall tourist area located at the foot of the majestic Prenn hill. Perhaps the name Prenn waterfall makes many people come here more curious. Legend has it that around the 15th - 17th centuries, the mountain and forest area where Prenn waterfall is located was the boundary of wars. Tribes organize invasions and defend territories. The name Prenn comes from the Cham language meaning "conquered area", referring to invaders of indigenous peoples such as Chi, Sré, and Lat. However, contrary to the legend associated with that war, the village elders said that the waterfall was previously called Prenh, meaning "bitter eggplant", because many of these trees grew around the waterfall. Two interpretations of the name can evoke the attractive beauty of this waterfall - both majestic, yet gentle and poetic. Different from other waterfalls in the Central Highlands, Prenn waterfall has a very unique color. If Da Lat has a majestic Dambri, a strong and proud Pongour, then Prenn has an implicit charm of gentleness and a peaceful feeling that it brings to visitors. Prenn Waterfall has a height of nearly 10m and a width of about 20m, so there is not a definitive rushing sound, but a gentle, gurgling sound of falling down. Many people compare Prenn Waterfall to the hair of a young woman in the mountainous region, flowing naturally in the sunlight. Tourists visiting Prenn Waterfall in Da Lat can touch that soft yet lively hair, feeling the coolness and moisture that will certainly make visitors excited. Small drops of water due to the speed of the flow shoot out white foam, splashing some visitors, giving you a refreshing, cool feeling like you are lost in a wonderland. The natural scene is a skillful combination of the sound of a slow waterfall, the chirping of birds, and the sound of the wind gently shaking the pine branches and leaves, making people feel as refreshed and peaceful as possible. Visitors can freely follow the trails and stone steps to visit the zoo, orchid garden or airy garden. Check-in photos filled with the wild nature of the vast mountains and forests make visitors excited when coming here. During the period of exploitation and opening to welcome domestic and foreign tourists, Prenn waterfall has been deployed to develop many types of services to meet other tourist needs such as sports boating on Prenn stream, going on a rattan bridge. Cross the stream, and especially take the self-welding cable car across the waterfall. Visitors can not only enjoy the scenery, but also experience the traditional games of the people here.


Gougah Falls

On Highway 20 in the direction from Da Lat to Ho Chi Minh City, about 8 km past Lien Nghia town (Duc Trong district), turn left at a fork, go on a concrete road about 800 m to arrive. Gougah Falls.




Cu Lan Village

Cu Lan village is a beautiful, romantic small village, located in the middle of the wild primeval forest at the foot of the romantic Langbiang mountain peak in Lat commune, Lac Duong district, Lam Dong province, about 30 meters from Da Lat city center. about 25km northwest.




Sculpture tunnel

Clay tunnel, also known as sculpture tunnel, red clay tunnel. But no matter the name, this new and unique tourist destination is still very attractive to tourists when coming to Da Lat. Located not far from Datanla waterfall and Truc Lam Zen monastery in Dalat.




Linh Phuoc Pagoda

Linh Phuoc Pagoda is located in Tu Phuoc hamlet, ward 11, city. Da Lat was built in 1949 and restored on a large scale in recent years (1990-1998).




Ban Ba ​​waterfall scenic spot

Ranked as a national landscape in 2007, Ban Ba ​​waterfall is one of the famous landscapes of Chiem Hoa in particular and Tuyen Quang in general.




Vong Phu Mountain

Nhui Mountain is about 3km west of Thanh Hoa city center, located in the two communes of Dong Hung and Dong Tan (today in Thanh Hoa city). Surrounding Nhui mountain include mountains clustered together, namely Dong mountain (west), Chan Than mountain (southwest), Nap mountain (Quang Nap south), Chong Mam mountain (Dinh Thuong mountain - north) .




Cloud Falls

Amid the rolling mountains and forests of the Truong Son range, May Waterfall appears like a pure white cloud. The beauty of the waterfall, according to legend, also attracted 9 fairies to bathe...




Hieu Waterfall

Go all the way to Canh Nang town (Ba Thuoc district), cross the La Han bridge over the Ma river toward Co Lung commune, about more than 25 km on both asphalt and dirt climbing roads, to reach Hieu waterfall.




Kim Son Cave

Kim Son Cave In Vinh An commune, Vinh Loc district is a charming mountainous area, about 150 hectares wide, of which 80 hectares is a lake. To enter the cave, you must take a boat through the cave (like the way to enter Phong Nha cave, Quang Binh).

Inside are many caves, many rocks, a large lake, even open-air caves, and a bridge called Tien Bac bridge. A larger cave is said to be the place where King Tran hid when fighting the Mongol army. Especially during the two resistance wars against the French colonialists and the American imperialists, this place was the military's weapons factory and also a shelter for the people. Kim Son also has many steles, with many poems, essays, great letters, beautiful words... with gulf engraved deep into the cave walls. Kim Son has many products: Underwater are shrimp, fish, and turtles; In the mountains are starlings and parrots. The specialty here is the spiny water chestnut tuber, with a sharp tip like two horns, fleshy and fatty. Behind the cave is a mountain, called Mu Theu mountain. Legend has it that no matter what this woman looks at, it turns to stone, but the magic of six fairies prevents her actions.


Temple of the kings of Le Trung Hung dynasty

Tho Xuan - Thanh Hoa is known as the land of "spiritual land of outstanding people", the land of "wooden ladders" of the 2 dynasties of Early Le and Later Le, currently worshiping 3 Kings of the Le Trung Hung dynasty.

About 3km south of Tho Xuan town is Ban Thach site that existed in the 15th century. According to the elders and villagers, the ancient Ban Thach site, Xuan Quang commune (now Xuan Sinh commune, Tho Xuan district, Thanh Hoa province), was a place with beautiful mountains and rivers, full of prosperity and spirit, so it was considered a famous place. The ancients chose it as the burial place of the three Kings of the Le Trung Hung Dynasty. The name King Ba Lang land is therefore still called by local people to this day, specifically in Bai Trach village, Xuan Giang commune, Tho Xuan district, there is the tomb of King Le Du Tong. At Con Canh Roi, Xuan Quang commune (old), there is the tomb of King Le Man De. At Con Nan (current Temple area) is where people discovered the tomb of King Le Hien Tong. In fact, in Thanh Hoa province in general and Tho Xuan district in particular, there are no localities that have temples to the Kings of the Le Trung Hung period. Therefore, on the basis of revealing the king's tombs in the commune, with the principle of remembering the source when drinking water and to express the gratitude and merit of the kings of the Le Trung Hung period; According to the wishes of the Le family, local people wanted to build a temple to worship the Kings of the Le Trung Hung period. With the agreement of the agencies and departments, in 2010, the Le family, local people, benefactors, organizations and individuals made merits and built the Temple of the Kings of the Le Trung Hung Dynasty as it is today. Total cost is over 12 billion VND. Currently, the Temple is worshiping three kings: King Le Du Tong; King Le Hien Tong and King Le Man De and the Mother Temple area to worship the Queen Mother, Queens, and concubines of the kings of the Le Trung Hung period. This is where spiritual activities take place such as: King Le Du Tong's blessing ceremony on January 20; King Le Hien Tong's blessing ceremony on the 17th day of the 7th lunar month. Along with local events, on Full Moon and New Year days, descendants of the Le family, people and visitors from all over come to visit and offer offerings, incense and flowers to pray for peace in the country and people, good weather and wind. lush crops. According to the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Thanh Hoa, from January 2020, the temple of the kings of the Le Trung Hung dynasty is one of four places that have been recognized as a tourist destination by the People's Committee of Thanh Hoa province.


Dum Mountain tourist area - Heaven's Gate

With a fresh, cool climate, Dum Mountain - Heaven's Gate eco-tourism area in hamlets 15 and 16 of Trang Da commune (Tuyen Quang city) is considered by many tourists to be "Tam Dao" in the heart of the city. On summer days, taking advantage of weekends, many families come here to relax and avoid the hot heat.




Le Hoan Temple

Le Hoan Temple in Trung Lap village, Xuan Lap commune, Tho Xuan district (Thanh Hoa) is a special national historical site and is considered the oldest temple in Thanh Hoa.




Tau Pagoda

Tau Pagoda in Xuan Truong commune, Tho Xuan district has the literal name Hoi Long Tu, also known as Xuan Pha pagoda. The pagoda is located on a relatively high and flat land at the beginning of the village, about 100m from the Chu River dyke. The temple's campus has an area of ​​2,696 square meters. Ta Pagoda was recognized by the state as a national historical and cultural relic in 1993.

According to the elders, Ta Pagoda has a history of construction spanning thousands of years. Legend has it that since the Ly Dynasty, there was this pagoda made of bamboo on the land of neighboring Trang. There is a theory that the pagoda was built in the year of Dinh Dynasty, Canh Thin, that at that time Buddhism was widely spread in our country, this is the pagoda. The earliest pagoda was on the right bank of the Su River (Chu River). In the past, the pagoda was also called Lang Pagoda, originally located in Dong Chap land on the banks of the Su River. Due to changes over time, the Su river changed its course. During the Ly and Tran dynasties, the Su river was diked. From there, the pagoda was moved inside the dike on the banks of Tau area (Xuan Pha village). The pagoda is still built in the southwest direction, towards the temple of Dai Hai Long Vuong. Pagodas and temples form the cultural complex of Trang Xuan Pho. At that time, the majority of people in the area followed Buddhism, the villagers were taboo about the name of the village's tutelary god (Long), so it was called Tau pagoda. Every year, on major holidays such as the 8th day of the 4th lunar month, the day Shakyamuni Buddha was born, monks, nuns, and Buddhists in the village and surrounding villages gather at Ta pagoda to worship Buddha and pray prayers. ; Buddhists in 4 Tho Xuan streets such as: Van An, Southeast, Northwest and Khach street (Chinese street) all come to the temple to worship Buddha. Xuan Pha Village has directly managed this temple for more than 1,000 years. Although there are many monks, monks and nuns who come to practice at the temple, there is no monk who stays for the rest of his life; It was not until after the August Revolution of 1945, around 1954, that Venerable Thich Thanh Cat, from Co Phap village - Bac Ninh, passed away at the pagoda. On the stone stele in Chinese characters erected at the pagoda, it is recorded: Ta pagoda has been restored and embellished 7 times. Those were the times, in the year of Binh Tuat Quang Hung (1586), repaired by a general of Le Trung Hung's reign, Hoai Vien Marquis, Thieu Chinh. The second time was also repaired by imperial historian Thieu Chinh; The third time it was repaired by local people and Buddhists from everywhere; The fourth time in 1925 was to build an additional shrine to the Holy Mother; In 1937, the shrine to Thanh Mau was repaired; In 1940, the Buddha Temple was built; In 1943, the entire pagoda was completely renovated and a completely new place of worship was established as it is today. Overall, Tau Pagoda bears the architectural style of the late Nguyen Dynasty. The pagoda's architectural structure is in the style of the temple, also known as the letter Dinh (T), including a five-compartment worship house with a length of 15m, width of 6m, area of ​​90m2; The truss structure is in the style of a gong rack. The 3-compartment harem is 8.2m long, 6m wide, and has an area of ​​49.2m2. The pagoda's structural materials are wood, bricks, and roof tiles. The length of the front hall has 4 rows of Lim columns, each row has 3 columns, the apse has 4 columns, the base of the columns is made of stone, a total of 16 columns supporting the entire pagoda. The lobby has 6 trusses, of two types, close to the 2 ends of the truss is a single truss, supporting the roof; The remaining 4 types of trusses follow the style of gong racks, especially the trusses adjacent to the front hall and harem are molded with 3 consecutive arches; Next is the solid wood part supporting the roof truss. The load bars and arm bars are made of ironwood sawn with square edges; 3 barns with 12 doors that open and close, 3 compartments; The 2 gable spaces are built with flower walls. The porch is 2m wide with stone and brick steps. On the shore (roof edge) there are two pincers built with lime mortar and facing each other. In front of the pagoda yard, there are two square pillars higher than the roof of the pagoda, straight edges with two gable ends, next is a stone cover engraved with the restoration of the pagoda and a list of names of people who contributed to the pagoda's renovation. Like other pagodas in the region, they mainly worship Buddha, including a system of Buddha statues of Sakyamuni, Amitabha, Avalokitesvara Bodhisattva, Maitreya, and the Jade Emperor. On both left and right sides of the lobby adjacent to the harem, there are Dragon God statues; statues of 4 Bodhisattvas; 8 Vajras; Two dharma guardians guard the pagoda and the statue of the Master attaining enlightenment at the pagoda. The pagoda still retains a bronze bell weighing 200kg, with a dragon-shaped bell handle; The bell was cast in 1943 during a complete overhaul of the temple. In the pagoda there are Great Tu paintings and parallel sentences. The Great Tu in the main hall reads induction to Taoism. The couplet in the main hall reads: Bao Pham Trung Hung Quang Buddha Hall of the Golden Genealogy of Constant Mind Experimentation. There are also two parallel sentences at both gables; The couplet at the east gable reads: Three friendships, four graces, universal wishes, the soul sleeps thousands of doors, mysterious, ancestors, ancestors, tranquility and prosperity. The couplet at the west gable reads: Tranquil realm, divine, ancient, pure and perfect. The karma of Lac Na rests for hundreds of years and the fragrant fire is born again. After the August Revolution of 1945, due to the country's war situation, incense and smoke maintenance at the temple was almost completely absent. After 1975, when peace was restored, Tho Xuan district allowed Ta pagoda to restore rituals. The People's Committee of Xuan Truong commune established a Management Board to monitor and prevent deterioration; Since August 1984, we have mobilized people from everywhere and localities to contribute to preliminary repairs so that the Buddha worship place can temporarily stabilize. In 2000, the pagoda was funded by the state to restore Ta pagoda to what it is today. In 2020, the Provincial People's Committee issued Decision No. 47 on recognizing the historical and cultural tourist site of Tau Pagoda, Xuan Truong commune, Tho Xuan district, Thanh Hoa province. Proud to be home to Tau pagoda and Xuan Pha village, which are national historical and cultural relics; With Xuan Pha Performance as a national intangible cultural heritage, Xuan Truong commune continues to implement solutions to preserve and promote the value of valuable relics and heritage left by their ancestors, worthy of the traditions of the Xuan Pha - Xuan Truong countryside with thousands of years of civilization.


Hong Thai terraced fields

If you have the opportunity to visit Tuyen Quang province, come to Hong Thai to admire firsthand the vast, endless terraced fields with clouds weaving through the mountains in the Northwest highlands.




Phuc Lam Pagoda - Buddhist vestiges in the mountainous region

Phuc Lam Pagoda (named from ancient times, also known as Phuc Lam Tu, meaning blessing, blessing to the mountains and forests) is located in Na Tong village, Thuong Lam commune, Lam Binh district. As a temple with a long history, it has become familiar and close to all generations of people inside and outside the district. Although it is a small temple, Phuc Lam contains traces of a proud ancient culture and resembles the religious activities of highland residents.




Explore Song Long cave

Na Hang ecological lake, Lam Binh has many beautiful landscapes associated with famous places such as Mo waterfall, Khuoi Nhi waterfall, Pac Ta mountain, Coc Vai,... And Song Long cave is also a tourist destination not to be missed. on the journey to explore the beautiful scenery here.




Khuoi Nhi Waterfall - attractive tourist destination

Lam Binh highland district is not only known for its vast hydroelectric lake, primeval forests with rich flora and fauna ecosystems, and pristine caves, but Lam Binh is also attractive for its waterfalls. beautiful nature, the most prominent of which is Khuoi Nhi waterfall. This is an attractive tourist and vacation destination for tourists from near and far.




Tham Nang Man Cave

Tham Nang Man (Nang Man cave) is a limestone cave in Na Pha village (Na Pha means wet rice fields at the foot of limestone mountains), Yen Khe commune, Con Cuong district (Nghe An).




Mrs. Hoang Thi Loan's Tomb Relic

Mrs. Hoang Thi Loan's grave: located halfway up Dong Tranh mountain, in the Dai Hue range, in Nam Giang commune. The tomb is covered with marble, covered with a sloping roof, and in front of the yard is a black stone stele, recording her biography and achievements...




Lang Sen relic complex

Sen village was formerly Kim Lien village in Chung Cu commune, Lam Thinh district, Nam Dan district, now Sen village is in Kim Lien commune, Nam Dan district, Nghe An province. Lotus Village is the hometown of President Ho Chi Minh, where many relics, artifacts, and memories are kept, associated with the childhood life of President Ho Chi Minh and his family members. of him in the years 1901-1906 and twice he visited his hometown in 1957 and 1961.

Sen Village has a system of many particularly important historical relics such as Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac's house, Mr. Nguyen Sinh Nham's house, Nguyen Sinh family church, Bachelor Vuong Thuc Quy's house, Co Dien's forge, Coc well, banyan tree, stadium, Sen village temple. There are also memorial areas, exhibition houses, souvenir gardens and many other public service items. All have formed the cluster of Lotus Village Monuments. 1. House of Vice President Nguyen Sinh Sac: In the Tan Suu Hoi exam (1901), Nguyen Sinh Sac passed the Vice Rank under the Nguyen Dynasty, for the first time in Sen village someone passed the exam, the village used public funds to buy a house. A 5-room wooden house was built on public land of the village, 4 acres, 14 meters wide, to celebrate Mr. Pho Bang. When the house and garden were complete, the people of Sen village went to Hoang Tru village to invite Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac and his children, Nguyen Thi Thanh, Nguyen Sinh Khiem and Nguyen Sinh Cung, to live in Sen village. Returning to Sen village, Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac lived a pure and cozy life. He wrote on the rafters of the house a few Chinese characters: "What is the mandarin family, vi corn Phong thu", meaning "Do not take the style of the mandarin house as the style of our house". He sent his two sons to study with Bachelor teacher Vuong Thuc Quy. Visitors to Mr. Pho Bang's house were often patriotic scholars of the time, so his children were soon able to absorb and understand social issues, patriotism, and love for the people. In 1906, he went to Hue to become a mandarin, bringing his two sons with him. He left the house and garden to his daughter Nguyen Thi Thanh to look after. Later, because of participating in patriotic activities, Nguyen Thi Thanh and Nguyen Sinh Khiem were arrested. In 1914, the house and garden were assigned to Mr. Nguyen Sinh Moi and Mr. Nguyen Sinh Xong in their family to look after. In 1915, Nguyen Thi Thanh was released from prison and sold the house to a person in Nam Hung commune, who then sold it to another person in Nam Giang commune. In 1956, the Provincial Party Committee and People's Committee of Nghe An province had a policy of restoring the relics of President Ho Chi Minh's hometown. The house was redeemed and built on the old garden to welcome visitors. After more than 50 years away from his homeland, on June 16, 1957, President Ho Chi Minh had the opportunity to visit. He visited the old house and told everyone: "This is the house of Mr. Pho Bang." ", when going to the yard, someone proposed to Uncle Ho to ask permission to plant flowers in the garden to make them beautiful. Uncle Ho said: "Potato flowers are also beautiful." Uncle Ho wanted to say that growing sweet potatoes not only has tubers to eat but also flowers to see. . 2. House of Mr. Nguyen Sinh Nham - President Ho Chi Minh's grandfather: The relic is the place that marks the cry of being born and living until the age of 14 of Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac - President Ho Chi Minh's father. It is the place to witness all patriotic activities and the place to hide weapons during secret activities of Ms. Nguyen Thi Thanh and Mr. Nguyen Sinh Khiem, brother and sister of President Ho Chi Minh. The relic is the birthplace of international martyr Ly Nam Thanh (Nguyen Sinh Than), who sacrificed heroically in the Soviet Union's defense war. 3. Nguyen Sinh family church: The relic was built in 1843, on a 500m2 plot of land in Phu Dam hamlet, now Sen 3 village, Kim Lien commune, Nam Dan to worship the ancestors of the Nguyen Sinh family. During his youth, President Ho Chi Minh's siblings often followed their father to burn incense for their ancestors at church on death anniversaries and New Year holidays every year. After his death, relatives in President Ho Chi Minh's family were brought to their church to worship. Thus, the house worshiping the Nguyen Sinh family is also a place to worship the parents, siblings of President Ho Chi Minh. On June 16, 1957, while returning to his hometown for the first time, President Ho Chi Minh followed the old path to the church to burn incense to commemorate his ancestors. After that, he talked to relatives in the family and said: "I was busy with work, so I couldn't visit the families in the family. By coming to church, I came to the relatives in the family. I hope you will sympathize." 4. The house of Mr. Vuong Thuc Quy, teacher of President Ho Chi Minh (1901-1902): Mr. Vuong Thuc Quy was the teacher of President Ho Chi Minh during his youth in Sen village. The teacher's intelligence, filial piety, and patriotic ideology had a profound influence on his student Nguyen Sinh Cung. Here, Nguyen Sinh Cung heard and understood many things about history and current times, which then fueled his determination to save the country in the future. On June 16, 1957, when returning to visit his homeland for the first time, President Ho Chi Minh mentioned Teacher Vuong Thuc Quy. He said: "Teacher Vuong Thuc Quy was Uncle Ho's teacher during his youth." 5. Co Dien Forge: Co Dien Forge is the place where agricultural tools are forged for farmers in Sen village. When he was a child, when living in Sen village, President Ho Chi Minh often came here to play and help Dien blow the bellows and strike the anvil. The profound memories of his youth at Co Dien's forge left a deep mark in his memory. After 50 years of separation, when he returned to visit his hometown on June 16, 1957, as he walked from his house to the alley, he pointed forward and asked the people walking next to him: "There is a forge here, old Dien. Are you still forging after all this time? Just then, the son of Dien, his childhood friend, came out of the gate. The two old friends were very happy to see each other. President Ho Chi Minh was moved and said: "Mr. Dien looks healthy and has been continuing for a long time." Forging anymore? Mr. Dien replied: "For a long time I let my eldest son do it." He encouraged Mr. Dien: "Yes, continue forging so that people can have agricultural tools to produce." 6. Coc Well: This well was dug by Mr. Nguyen Danh Coc from Phu Dam village in 1708 to get water for his family's use. Later, people in the village all came here to get water for use. To thank the person who dug the well, they named it Coc well. While living in Sen village, Nguyen Sinh Cung often came here to carry water for his family to use. Coc well is also a place that left many memories of his youth. On June 16, 1957, returning to visit his hometown, when leaving his house, President Ho Chi Minh asked his relatives: "Is Gieng Coc still there?" Coc well water is clear and sweet, making green tea and famous delicious soy sauce." 7. Relics of the Banyan tree, stadium, and Sen village temple: The banyan tree, stadium, and Sen village temple have gone down in history as the place that witnessed President Ho Chi Minh's two visits to his hometown, the first time in on June 16, 1957, the second time on December 9, 1961. Here, he spoke intimately with officials, party members, and farmers in Kim Lien commune. He kindly visits everyone's health, advises everyone to emulate good production, unite, love and care for each other to build a prosperous and happy life. 8. Chung Mountain: is the place where when he was a child, he and his friends often went to herd buffaloes, fly kites, fight mock battles, and admire the landscape of the country and homeland. Chung Mountain is located in the center of Kim Lien commune, Nam Dan district, Nghe An province. All seven villages of Kim Lien commune: Sen village (Kim Lien), Chua village (Hoang Tru), Say village (Mau Tai), Gao village (Nguyet Qua), Trai village (tinh Ly), Dinh village (Ngoc Dinh), Ke Mong village (Van Hoi) is all around Chung mountain. Chung Mountain has 9 peaks, but later affected by nature as well as humans, the mountain only has 5 peaks left, including 3 main peaks. People here often call the mountain top a cave. The first peak is in the east, near Van Hoi village (Ke Mong) called Mong cave. The second highest peak is nearly 50m behind Tinh Ly village called Bo cave. Here there is a small shrine (small temple) worshiping the Cow God. The people of Tinh Ly village hate the word "Cow" so they call the cow tamarind. To the northwest, at the foot of Bo Cave, there is the mausoleum of General Le Giac (also known as Le Doc), a general at the end of the Le Dynasty. There is a training ground for the military training of Vuong Thuc Mau and the place where, during his childhood, President President Ho Chi Minh often came to play waist-pulling games and practice mock battles. Next, the third peak is called Temple cave. This is where the temples, large pagodas and holy houses of General Lam Thinh gather. In this spiritual cultural area, there are magnificent and magnificent houses and temples. 9. Chung Son Temple - President Ho Chi Minh's ancestral temple Located on Chung Mountain, Chung Son Temple, after 8 years of construction, was recently inaugurated on the occasion of the 130th birthday anniversary of President Ho Chi Minh. This is a sacred place, an ancestral temple, a project that honors and forever remembers the merits of President Ho Chi Minh and Uncle Ho's family members. Located in the Kim Lien relic complex, Nam Dan (Nghe An), in 1991 Chung Mountain was ranked as a national historical relic. Chung Mountain is located in the center of Kim Lien commune, Nam Dan district, Nghe An province. All seven villages of Kim Lien commune: Sen village (Kim Lien), Chua village (Hoang Tru), Say village (Mau Tai), Gao village (Nguyet Qua), Trai village (tinh Ly), Dinh village (Ngoc Dinh), Ke Mong village (Van Hoi) is all around Chung mountain.


Hoang Tru relic cluster

Hoang Tru relic cluster in Kim Lien commune, Nam Dan Co district, with a total area of ​​about 3,500 m2 - President Ho Chi Minh's maternal hometown and also where he was born.

1. The Hoang Xuan family branch church Mr. Hoang Duong (President Ho Chi Minh's maternal grandfather) is the 18th generation descendant of the Hoang Xuan family and built the Hoang Xuan family branch church to worship his great-grandfather, Mr. His father and grandfather were Hoang Cuong. Mr. Hoang Duong passed away (1893), his Buddha name written by Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac is also placed here. The house was completed in 1881 in a four-pillar style made of ironwood, consisting of 3 rooms, with double doors. At first it was thatched, but it was not until 1930 that it was repaired and tiled like today. During his childhood years, President Ho Chi Minh lived here. People often follow their fathers and offer incense, flowers, and offerings to worship the spirits of their ancestors. According to the genealogy left behind, the Hoang Xuan family is a family with a tradition of studiousness, with many descendants who are virtuous and have made contributions to the country. In 1927, Mac Dang Dung usurped the Le dynasty and established the Mac dynasty. The descendants of this family conquered Le and destroyed Mac. The 6th generation of the family had a man named Hoang Nghia Kieu (1540-1587) who was awarded the title of Duke Thai Bao Hong by King Le. This is the most ancient ancestor of the Hoang family in Hoang Tru village. 2. Mr. Hoang Duong's house - Mr. Hoang Duong was President Ho Chi Minh's grandfather. His house consists of 5 rooms and two wings, of which the three outer rooms are very airy and connected to the church. The counter counter in the first room is where Mr. Duong taught. The second room has a bamboo sofa, a desk with teaching tools such as brushes, inkstones... The third room has a counter used as a resting place for teachers and students. The remaining two rooms are the grandmother's resting place and the family's living space. At the end of 1883, Mr. and Mrs. Hoang Duong held the marriage ceremony for their two children, Hoang Thi Loan (mother of President Ho Chi Minh) and Nguyen Sinh Sac (father of President Ho Chi Minh) at this 5-room wooden house. They built a three-room cottage in the west corner of the garden for the young couple to live alone. The house in Hoang Tru village is where Ms. Hoang Thi Loan was born and raised, and is the first classroom to nurture Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac's talent. This is also the place that marks the beautiful memories of President Ho Chi Minh's childhood. 3. The house where President Ho Chi Minh was born. The 3-room thatched house located in the west corner of the garden of Mr. and Mrs. Hoang Duong's house is where President Ho Chi Minh was born and lived here until he was 3 years old. The outer space next to the window has a desk with an inkstone, a box of brushes, two square chairs, and angling towards the inside are two bookshelves containing books of saints and sages. At this house, Mr. Hoang Duong often came here to discuss literature and letters with Mr. Sac. The middle space next to the canopy has a small bed made of oval wood, bamboo, a rustic mat, and a brown dyed cloth curtain, which is the resting place of Mr. Sac and Mrs. Loan. Next to the bed is a small wooden chest used to store food and valuables for the family. The loom located in the third room is Ms. Loan's working tool used to weave cloth and silk to feed the whole family. Mrs. Hoang Thi Loan weaved fabric and sang lullabies to her children so that her husband could feel secure in his writing. There is also a simple hemp hammock where Uncle Ho used to sleep in the past. President Ho Chi Minh's childhood was cared for and nurtured by his mother with soaring folk songs containing noble dreams and deep hopes.


Sunflower field

When mentioning tourist destinations in Nghe An at the end of the year, people will immediately think of sunflower fields with bright yellow flowers showing off their golden color.




Khe Kem Waterfall

Khe Kem Waterfall is located about 25 km from Con Cuong town (Con Cuong district, Nghe An province), and is considered a natural gift to Pu Mat National Park.




Thanh Chuong tea island

About 50km northwest of Vinh city (Nghe An), Thanh Chuong tea hill (Thanh An commune, Thanh Chuong district, Nghe An province) has a total area of ​​more than 420 hectares and is also known as "tea island" because of its uniqueness. not confused with anywhere else.




Thuong Lam scenic spot

If you have the opportunity to explore Tuyen Quang, take some time in your trip schedule to visit the tourist scenic area Thuong Lam Tuyen Quang. This is one of the destinations that creates great attraction for the tourism industry of this northern mountainous province.




Pac Ta Temple

Pac Ta Temple (Na Hang) is one of the attractive spiritual tourist destinations in the tour to visit and explore the Na Hang - Lam Binh ecological lake. The temple worships and commemorates General Tran Nhat Duat's fiancee. Pac Ta temple relic is one of the remaining vestiges proving the second resistance war against Nguyen - Mongol in 1285: the talented general Chieu Van Vuong Tran Nhat Duat at that time guarded Tuyen Quang land.




Na Hang Hydropower Plant

As a key project of the country, the factory is becoming one of the can't-miss destinations for Na Hang tourists. Once visiting this place, visitors will certainly be overwhelmed by the majestic scenery of man-made dams holding thousands of waves.




My Lam mineral spring

When mentioning Tuyen Quang, we often immediately remember Hong Thai communal house, Tan Trao banyan tree, Na Lua shack... But not many people know about My Lam mineral spring, one of the few best mineral water mines in the North, Vietnam. .




Thach Hai Beach

From the beach, visitors can stroll along the beach, roam in the casuarina forest or use motorized vehicles along the asphalt road to reach attractive tourist attractions in the tourist area.

Going north, visitors will come to Quynh Vien eco-tourism site with many beautiful streams and caves such as Rain Dong stream, Tam pond, Ong Duong cave, Lon cave, Hop cave, Le Khoi temple, ... Through Quynh Vien is the temple of Chieu Trung Dai Vuong, a famous cultural and artistic relic that has been ranked by the state. Visitors will enjoy the unique architecture of Le Khoi temple built in the 15th century (1447) and visit the temples of Lieu Hanh, Ca Ong, Long Ngam cape,... in a space of sea, sky, and mountains. Green, blue water blend together, temples and shrines are harmonious, ancient and poetic. At this park, visitors can participate in recreational activities such as climbing, fishing and sightseeing. Going south, visitors can go to Thien Cam beach and visit the Thach Lac archaeological site. At night, visitors can admire the "city of light" created by hundreds of squid fishing lights of fishermen at sea. For those who are curious, you can play the role of a fisherman, following the fisherman's boat to the sea to get new and exciting feelings when fishing for fish and squid at night. Thach Hai tourist area not only attracts tourists with its natural beauty but also with its convenience for all types and objects of tourism. Thach Hai beach is 10 km from Ha Tinh city. That distance is ideal, not too close to the city to lose its innocence and wildness and not too far for travel and transaction needs. From Ha Tinh city, just over 10 minutes by motorbike or car, visitors can reach this romantic beach. Guests nearby can take their families by motorbike to swim at the beach, eat fish porridge, boiled squid and sandwich rice paper every summer afternoon after work. Guests from far away can come here to swim, eco-tour and enjoy the poetry of the night in large houses hidden under the casuarina forest. Luxury tourists can visit Dien Luc motel with modern amenities, swim, enjoy seafood specialties, play tennis, badminton, volleyball,... Those who are only familiar with urban life You can rent a hotel in town and go back and forth in just a few dozen minutes. Particularly for residents of Ha Tinh city and surrounding areas, Thach Hai is an ideal relaxation spot for the whole family on weekends, even every day throughout the summer. Therefore, although it has just been put into operation, this eco-tourism area has attracted over 50,000 people from inside and outside the province to swim and travel every summer. A beach resort with mountains, forests and relic complexes, clean and beautiful beaches, and convenient transportation like Thach Hai is not common in Vietnam. Therefore, after many years of neglect, Thach Hai has been properly evaluated for its position and inherent potential. The approval of the general planning of Thach Hai marine eco-tourism area by the Provincial People's Committee in February 2002 has brought this sea area into the sights of investors. Along with the urban development in Thach Khe iron mine city and industrial park as well as the development of social life in the future, the potential of Thach Hai marine eco-tourism area has been awakening with vitality. It has accumulated over thousands of years to become one of the most attractive tourist destinations for tourists in the future.


Huong Tich Pagoda

Huong Tich Pagoda is located on the Hong Linh mountain range, in Thien Loc commune, Can Loc district, Ha Tinh province, known as "Hoan Chau's first scenic spot", an ancient pagoda ranked as a level relic. It is a national and attractive cultural and spiritual tourism destination, attracting more than 150,000 tourists from all over the world every year to worship and worship Buddha.

Huong Tich captivates people's hearts not only because of its rare beauty, but it also attracts many tourists because it is a sacred Buddha land associated with the story of Princess Dieu Thien cultivating and transforming into Buddha. Legend has it that: "About 500 BC, King Trang Vuong of So (China) gave birth to three daughters. When they grew up, the two sisters followed their father's wishes and got married to become officials in the court. In turn, the youngest princess Dieu Thien, the king forced her to marry a military mandarin, who was a cruel and cruel man. She was frustrated and went to Buddha's door to practice. The military officer set fire to the temple, but Dieu Thien and the monks and nuns were protected and saved by Buddha. Going south, Dieu Thien stopped at Huong Tich cave, Thuu Linh mountain (ie Hong Linh), where Viet Thuong built a hermitage to practice and was famous as a compassionate and charitable nun. At that time, So Trang Vuong fell seriously ill, the doctor advised him to have the eyeballs and hands of a girl willingly donated to save him. When he heard the story, Dieu Thien felt compassion and joy to save sentient beings, gouged out his eyes and cut off his hands to give to the messenger to save his father. Vuong Trang recovered from his illness and sent someone to repay the favor, only to find out that it was his daughter. The Buddha was touched by Dieu Thien's heart so he magically restored her eyes and her hands to grow back like before. Dieu Thien attained enlightenment and transformed into Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara with a thousand eyes and a thousand hands." According to historical records as well as through archaeological excavation research and the opinions of some scholars, Huong Tich Pagoda on Hong Linh Mountain is the original pagoda, built during the Tran Dynasty, 13th century and Huong Pagoda in Ha Tay. old (now Hanoi) is a meaningful "version". According to the book Huong Son Thien Tru Thien Pha, a monk was ordered by Lord Trinh to determine the location and build Huong Pagoda in Hanoi during the reign of Le Huy Tong under the reign of Chinh Hoa (1680-1704). Explaining this problem, Mr. Bui Van Nguyen - former General Secretary of the Vietnam VNDG Association said that during the Le - Trinh period, the Le - Lord Trinh kings mostly had hometowns in the Qing country (book Hoang Le Nhat Thong Chi - Ngo Gia Van Phai) so most of the concubines and beautiful women were selected from the Hoan Chau region. Every year, the concubines and beauties of Thanh - Nghe An often go to the Perfume Pagoda festival on Hong Linh mountain on the 18th day of the second lunar month by waterway through Hoi Thong gate (near Cua Lo now). Every time the "beauties" went so far, Lord Trinh was very confused, so the Lord determined a location in the mountainous region of Ha Son Binh to build a second Huong Tich pagoda to worship and let the "beauties" go. Come closer to the festival. Thus, thanks to Lord Trinh's initiative, Vietnam has two Huong Tich pagodas. The scenery and architecture of Huong Tich Pagoda recorded in the 17th and 19th centuries are no longer intact as before because there were many fires here. In the year of At Dau (1885), the pagoda burned down. In the year of Tan Suu (1901), the Governor of An Tinh, Dao Tan, called on the people to rebuild the pagoda. In 2003, the pagoda continued to be restored and rebuilt on a higher, more solid foundation. The Huong Tich Pagoda relic complex includes many items. From the foot of the mountain to the main pagoda there is a distance of nearly 3km. On the journey to Buddhahood, visitors will pass many relics such as Tang Dynasty Lake, Mieu Co, Flea Market, Tam Bao Tien Duong, Am Dieu Thien and King Trang Foundation... Co Temple is where Princess Dieu Thien once passed by. She saw flat rocks so she sat down to rest to enjoy the scenery. Later generations built a temple to worship her. Next to the temple is a stream called Huong Tuyen, with clear blue water in all seasons. Visitors to the temple often stop here to rest and wash their hands by the stream to remove dust before performing the ceremony. From Mieu Co to the pagoda is about 900m long. Previously, visitors would have to continue their journey by road, but since 2012, Hong Linh Tourism and Development Investment Joint Stock Company has built a cable car system to serve tourists. . The cable car route starts from Mieu Co Station and ends at Huong Tich Station with a travel time of about 4 minutes, making pagoda ceremonies more convenient. Stop the cable car, pass the Flea Market area, move just a few more steps, visitors will come to the main area of ​​the pagoda, Thuong Pagoda, also known as Tam Bao - Tien Duong. Like other shrines of the Huong Tich pagoda complex, Thuong Pagoda was first built in Trang Vuong cave above, but due to many fires, the pagoda was moved down and placed halfway up Huong Tich mountain. The pagoda was built in the North - South direction with 2 compartments. The inner space is for worshiping Buddha, including wooden Buddha statues. The outer space holds offerings and is where monks worship and chant Buddha's name. In the Tam Bao, there are 54 statues made of precious wood, created during the Tran - Le - Nguyen dynasties. The layers of statues are presented in rows, rows, and many horizontal panels with parallel sentences. From behind the Pagoda, go up about 28 stone steps to reach Huong Tich cave, also known as Am Quan Am or Am Buddha Ba. The entire structure is still pristine. Inside the deep cave, there is a statue of Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara sitting on a lotus and a number of statues of mothers holding children holding willow branches... People consider Am Phat Ba a sacred place and it is here that Princess Dieu Thien meditated. transform into Buddha. 500m from the pagoda is an old stone foundation, people often call it Trang Vuong foundation. When Dieu Thien offered his eyes and hands to make medicine, So Trang Vuong's illness was completely healed. Later, the king built Ngan Hong Pagoda to worship heaven and earth, worship the Bodhisattva with thousands of hands and thousands of eyes, and also to express his gratitude to his virtuous youngest daughter right here. Currently, only a few traces of the Trang Vuong foundation remain, such as stone foundations and broken bricks buried under thatched grass and reeds. The scenery here is cool and peaceful. In the fall, the Trang Vuong background and Huong Tich pagoda float in the mist, blurry and virtual like nothingness. Coming to Huong Tich Pagoda, especially during the festival season, visitors will feel the atmosphere: "February brings blue and green fortune. You return to the Huong Pagoda festival, I'm waiting for Heaven and Earth to be poetic. The way up is far away, the scent of smoke and smoke." "(Duy Thao) Huong Tich Pagoda Festival begins after the Lunar New Year and lasts until the end of the third lunar month. The main festival is held on the 18th day of the second lunar month every year, which is the day Princess Dieu Thien transformed into Buddha. The festival has become a traditional cultural feature of indigenous people in general and Buddhist tourists from near and far in particular with many large-scale and attractive cultural, artistic, and traditional folk sports activities. .


Hai Thuong Lan Ong Church

Le Huu Trac Church is called Hai Thuong peach garden in Bao Thuong Village, Son Quang Commune (now Quang Diem), Huong Son District - a land located close to the banks of Ngan Pho River.




Hai Thuong Lan Ong Le Huu Trac relic complex

Hai Thuong Lan Ong Le Huu Trac is a famous physician of the nation, author of the book "Medicine Tong Tam Linh" which is extremely valuable to Vietnamese medicine. The relic site in Huong Son district, stretching over a nearly 8km road, includes graves, monuments, Le Huu Trac church, Tuong Son pagoda and Hai Thuong eco-tourism area. This is an attractive place to visit, a place for unique spiritual and cultural activities of local people as well as the whole country.

Le Huu Trac's real name is Le Huu Huan, nickname Hai Thuong Lan Ong, born on November 12, 1720 (?) in Van Xa village, Lieu Xa village, Duong Hao district, Thuong Hong district, Hai Duong province (now the district Yen My, Hung Yen province). He is the seventh child of Mr. Le Huu Muu and Mrs. Bui Thi Thuong, so he is also known as Cau Chieu Bay. Le Huu Trac's family has a tradition of academics. His grandfather, uncle, brother and cousin all passed doctorates and became high-ranking mandarins. Father Le Huu Trac passed the third doctoral degree and became the Minister of Public Works under Le Du Tong. He was ordained as royal historian and count. When he died, he was posthumously awarded the title of Minister. In the year of the Goat (1739), Le Huu Trac was 20 years old when his father passed away. He left the capital to return home. While taking care of the family and studying hard, he took the three-school entrance exam, and then did not take the exam again. 1739 was also the year when a large-scale anti-feudal peasant movement opened. Just one year later (1740), Hoang Cong Chat's insurgent army attacked his district. The young scholar Le Huu Trac was engrossed in reading books and had to go somewhere else to read. From then on, he both studied historical scriptures and studied military books. The feudal war caused pain and death to so many families and villages, it brought nothing to the people and the country; made Le Huu Trac depressed and wanted to leave the army, so he repeatedly refused promotions from Trinh generals. Also during this time, Mrs. Bui Thi Thuong took her children to her maternal hometown of Huong Son to live. In 1746, when his brother in Huong Son died, he immediately used the excuse of taking care of his elderly mother and young grandchildren to quit the army, truly "breaking his arrows and taking off his armor" to pursue a new direction. Since then, he lived in his mother's hometown in ancient Tinh Diem (now Son Quang commune, Huong Son district, Ha Tinh province) until the year Tan Hoi 1791, when he passed away at the age of 71. Hai Thuong Lan Ong is a great physician who is not only good at medical and human arts, but is also a great thinker, scientist, educator, and master writer of the Vietnamese people. He always researched, cured diseases, wrote poetry and was the author of many valuable books such as: Hai Thuong Y Tong Tam Linh, Thuong Kinh Ky Ky... He was instrumental in collecting and supplementing many books. Valuable remedies are still passed down among the people and left behind for generations to come. His life and career are a shining example for generations of Vietnamese physicians to follow. The Hai Thuong Lan Ong Le Huu Trac relic complex is located in Hai Thuong village, Son Trung commune, Huong Son, Ha Tinh, stretching over a nearly 8km road, including the grave and monument of the Great Physician in Son Trung commune. , Tuong Son pagoda in Son Giang commune and Hai Thuong Lan Ong church area in Son Quang commune. The relic site is a place to preserve important historical and cultural values ​​associated with the famous Hai Thuong physician Lan Ong Le Huu Trac. Legend has it that, during his lifetime, he often flew kites on the top of Gia Mountain and Lotus Lake. Before he died, he told his descendants to bury him there wherever the kite fell. The location where the kite fell is where his grave is now, located in the Canh Dieu mountain range at the foot of Minh Tu mountain, Son Trung commune. The tomb is located near the foot of the mountain with a slope of 30 degrees, the head points towards the highest peak of the Minh Tu mountain range, the tomb's foot shines straight into the Truong Son mountain range. 0.6m away from the foot of the grave to the southwest, there is a small bamboo clump planted with the purpose of both making a mark when the kite falls and showing the upright and noble temperament of Le Huu Trac. Standing on the top of the mountain, looking down at the panorama of this place is like a watercolor painting. On the right side is the murmuring Nuoc Can stream, in front of the gentle green Ngan Pho river and a poetic mountainous area and villages. Le Huu Trac monument is located on a high mountain, built with more than 1,600 tons of marble. The monument has the words "Duc - Luu - Quang" engraved on a monolithic stone weighing more than 17 tons. Behind the monument there are two bas-reliefs engraved with the Great Physician's teachings on medical ethics and medical techniques.


Vu Mon Waterfall

From an altitude of nearly 1,300m above sea level, falling to the foot of Giang Man mountain in the Truong Son range (Phu Gia commune, Huong Khe district, Ha Tinh province), Vu Mon waterfall is a place that many people want to visit. discover.




Vu Quang National Park

From Ha Tinh city, follow Highway 15A west 32km to Phuc Dong intersection (Huong Khe), turn along Ho Chi Minh trail 25km to Vu Quang town, continue west 15km to reach the National Park Vu Quang.




Tuyen Quang ancient citadel

Tuyen Quang ancient citadel is located in group 8, Tan Quang ward, Tuyen Quang town. The citadel was built in 1592, during the Mac Dynasty and was repaired in the early Nguyen Dynasty (19th century). The citadel has an important military position, located on the banks of the Lo River and is located on a convenient land and water transportation axis, and has been associated with many important historical events of the revolutionary countryside of Tuyen Quang.




Tuyen Quang Provincial Museum

Tuyen Quang Provincial Museum, formerly Ha Tuyen Provincial Museum, was established after separating Tuyen Quang and Ha Giang provinces.




Na Nua Shack

Na Nua Shack, in Tan Lap village, Tan Trao commune, Son Duong district, Thai Nguyen province is where Uncle Ho lived and worked from the end of May to August 22, 1945 to lead the August General Uprising to win the war. government throughout the country. This is where Uncle Ho said the immortal words: "At this favorable time has come, no matter how much we sacrifice, even if we have to burn the entire Truong Son range, we must resolutely win independence."




Memorial house of General Vo Nguyen Giap

Originally in his hometown of An Xa village, Loc Thuy commune, Le Thuy district, Quang Binh province, the old house where the General lived in the past was destroyed by American bombs, leaving behind a pile of rubble and ruins. In 1978, Le Thuy District Party Secretary Nguyen Tu Phap and the District Party Standing Committee advocated building a memorial house on the old land of the General's family.




Canh Duong Mural Village

Canh Duong is a rich coastal commune with poetic landscape, located next to National Highway 1A, about 10km from the grave of General Vo Nguyen Giap with nearly 375 years of formation and development. This is the land of outstanding people, one of the "eight famous incense" of ancient Quang Binh; It is a village rich in academic traditions, a famous fighting village during the anti-French period with the slogan "fence the village to fight", twice awarded the title of Hero of the People's Armed Forces.




Hang Va - Nuoc Nut Cave

Hang Va is the most special and different place in the world, because the cave has a stalactite system with about 1,000 very uniform sized blocks. The stalactites look like they grow from the ground. Stalactites are considered extremely valuable and are almost non-existent in the world.




Ngang Pass

Standing at the top of Ngang Pass, visitors will feel the scenery of wild and majestic mountains and forests, looking down at countless small houses in the distance, long flowing rivers and herds of feeding buffalo. In Deo Ngang, there are still evidences of Canh Son Quan from ancient times, which people here still call the very mysterious gate of heaven.




Nhat Le Beach

Nhat Le Beach is pristinely beautiful with long white sand beaches and clear blue sea water. With a special location right at the mouth of Nhat Le River flowing into the East Sea, Nhat Le beach is a unique beach that any tourist should try to experience.

Nhat Le Beach, Quang Binh province was voted as one of the 10 most beautiful beaches in Vietnam. Located next to the Nhat Le River estuary, Nhat Le beach has a dreamy pristine beauty. Nhat Le beach conquers the first sight of tourists with its endless stretch of white sand, standing out against the blue sky. jade, clear blue sea water that can be clearly seen to the bottom. The sand beach at Nhat Le beach is smooth but firm enough for beach sports games such as football, volleyball, handball... The beach here is gently sloping and very safe, with a cool breeze blowing along with the sound of the beach. The murmuring waves create a natural symphony with many melodious levels. Walking on the smooth and clean white sand beach, it feels so exciting when each wave washes up on the shore, licks your feet and then gently recedes after skillfully erasing the marks... Don't give up. miss the moment of watching the sunrise on the sea or admiring the sunset. When night falls, the entire estuary area with all kinds of boats and ships with fluttering lights, lights up like a fairy city - visitors seem to see thousands of shimmering stars... If you are If you plan to go to Nhat Le beach, the best time to make your dream trip is in the summer from May to August. This is an extremely ideal time for summer experiences because of the weather. Temperate, sunny, little rain, few storms, suitable for swimming and relaxation. Nhat Le beach is bustling from dawn to sunset, with laughter and exciting activities of both locals and visitors... Tourists come here, in addition to enjoying their bathing time. Swimming with the ocean waves, you will also have the opportunity to enjoy many fresh and delicious seafood of Quang Binh waters, from Oysters, Clams, Blood Scallops, Silk Scallops, Scallops, Crabs, Lobster, Squid... to all kinds Grouper fish, Ho fish, Pomfret fish, Betel bait fish, Red snapper, Eel fish, Hanh fish... are prepared very professionally by restaurants along the coastal road. If you are not too picky, visitors can also enjoy right on the beach by street vendors that, with only a small charcoal stove, can still provide guests with attractive grilled or boiled dishes.


Gianh river

Perhaps, when talking about Quang Binh - the countryside of white rice and clear water, it is impossible not to mention the Gianh River, which has been in the nation's history for many generations. Gianh River (literally named Dai Linh Giang) is one of five major rivers of Quang Binh province. The river is located more than 40km from Dong Hoi provincial capital, crossing National Highway 1A 5km northwest of Cua Gianh. It has a deep river bed and strong water flow.




Phong Nha Cave

Located in the World Natural Heritage complex of Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park, Phong Nha Cave was voted as one of the most beautiful caves in the world with the following criteria: most beautiful underground river; The cave entrance is the highest and widest; The most beautiful sandy beaches and reefs; The largest and most beautiful dry cave; the most magical and magnificent stalactites; longest water cave; The most beautiful underground lake.




Da Nhay Beach

Known as a masterpiece of sea sculpture, Da Nhay beach is a beautiful place that you must definitely visit when coming to Quang Binh.




Statue of a road pulling a cannon



“The mountain slope is high, but the determination is higher than the mountain. The abyss is so deep, no abyss is as deep as hatred...". Those immortal lyrics in the song "Ho pulling artillery" by musician Hoang Van partly recreate the hardships of our army when pulling artillery into the battlefield during the historic Dien Bien Phu campaign 66 years ago. Now, the old artillery-pulling road has become a legendary road. Pha Din Pass is the most arduous starting point of the journey to pull artillery using human power of Dien Bien soldiers in the past. Starting from here, through many passes, slopes, and deep abysses, the cannons were pulled onto the battlefield, letting the artillery bullets leave the barrels, towards Him Lam base, Doc Lap hill, A1 hill, De Castries Tunnel... . From Pha Din Pass to Dien Bien Phu, the artillery path cannot be measured in physical length but in difficulties, hardships, dangers, in sweat and blood. On that artillery hauling route, there is a special route, completed in just 20 hours, with a length of 15km, running from the mouth of Na Nham forest, through Pha Song peak 1,150 meters high, down to Ban Tau, Ban Nghiu, now belonging to Na Nhan commune. On that road, our soldiers pulled artillery pieces weighing more than 2 tons entirely with human power, overcoming steep mountain slopes and dangerous high passes. It was on that road that hero To Vinh Dien used his body to block the cannon wheel to prevent the cannon from rolling into the abyss. Overcoming countless difficulties and hardships, hundreds of guns and mortars entered the battlefield. And, on March 13, 1954, they simultaneously fired shots at the Him Lam Resistance Center, opening the battle of Dien Bien Phu. The road to pull artillery in the Dien Bien Phu campaign in the past has now become a legendary road. And this is a cluster of hand-pulled artillery monuments weighing 1,200 tons, honoring the artillery platoon of hero To Vinh Dien on Bo Hom hillside that year.


Muong Lay town



Muong Lay is the northern gateway of Dien Bien province connecting to Lai Chau province, a land that has gone through many historical ups and downs. Today, although Muong Lay still has the pain of the past due to the accidental destruction of nature, it is changing day by day with the resettlement of Son La Hydropower Plant. In recent years, Muong Lay has been expanding in construction and development and has taken on the appearance of a riverside urban area. Muong Lay is located on both sides of the Da River, connected by long bridges, under a large hydroelectric lake, creating a charming landscape painting. In the future, Muong Lay deserves to become the northern tourist center of Dien Bien province, an ideal stop on the Northwest arc travel itinerary for everyone. Since the Son La hydroelectric project was completed, the water level of the lake bed has risen about 213m, covering an area of ​​about 100 hectares, creating Muong Lay an extremely attractive eco-tourism landscape, with mountains on top and lakes below. It is likened to a Ha Long on land. With the cool and fresh climate of the Northwest mountains and forests, Muong Lay is the intersection of heaven and earth, rivers and mountains, the past and present. The ferocious Da River in the past has now become gentle, calm and immense green, giving viewers a feeling of comfort, lightness and as if they are in harmony with nature, earth, sky and water. Coming to Muong Lay, you should not miss the opportunity to travel by boat on the lake, to be immersed in the vast nature of rivers, mountains and forests, and to hear colorful and legendary stories about the Da River. The ferocious Jiang of the past. On the way to sightsee the lake, you can stop by Lai Chau to visit and learn about Deo Van Long mansion, and visit the cage fish farming model of indigenous people. In particular, this place is always attractive to those who like to explore and adventure with activities such as fishing on the Da River, climbing mountains to explore Ban Bac Cave or hiking through the forest to visit remote villages located in the mountains. hidden on the side of a cliff. Muong Lay not only attracts you with its poetic natural landscape but also attracts people's hearts with the diverse and unique culture of the 9 ethnic groups living there. Each ethnic group here has its own cultural identity, creating an extremely rich and diverse cultural picture with typical tangible and intangible cultural values. The most typical culture in Muong Lay is the culture of the White Thai ethnic group. Muong Lay is considered the capital of the White Thai people in Dien Bien, one of the cradles of graceful hat dance, bottle dance, and fan dance that have entered the human subconscious and poetry. To better understand the cultural identity and life of the people here, you can visit traditional craft villages such as brocade weaving, making traditional musical instruments in Na Lay ward, and producing and processing wooden furniture. in Song Da ward or weaving household items in Lay Nua commune. In the evening, stopping in the traditional stilt houses, you can enjoy attractive specialties such as bitter bamboo shoots, flower salad, fish salad, sausage, pa pinh top, especially the fish dish. lentils, fried fish and Da River shrimp are famous throughout the region. Immersed in the scent of sweet, fragrant corn wine and ecstatic drunkenness, you and the local people follow the rotation of the xoe dance, letting your soul be captivated by the sweet voices of Thai girls. You can also live together in families to learn about the customs and traditions of the people here and experience the feeling of being a "Thai ethnic person" for once.


Chieng So Tower



Chieng So tower relic belongs to Na Muong village, Chieng So commune, Dien Bien Dong district, Dien Bien province. This is a quite unique architectural and artistic relic expressing the solidarity and friendship relationship of the people of the two countries Vietnam - Laos. According to legend, Vietnam and Laos are inherently two brotherly peoples, so to demonstrate that solidarity, the two peoples together donated to build a common religious building for the people living here. . Up to now, there is no specific historical document confirming the date of construction of the tower, but researchers' results show that the tower was built around the 15th-16th centuries. Chieng So Tower is an artistic architectural work that clearly demonstrates the talent and artistic creativity of the people of Vietnam and Laos. The tower is designed in the shape of a wine barrel, the bottom is large and the top is gradually smaller. The tower is 10.5m high, four sides around the base of the Tower are placed 2 elephants in front and 2 dogs in the back. The tower was built of bricks and lime mortar. There are two types of bricks to build the Tower: large, thick bricks used to build at the base of the Tower, and small and thin bricks used to build on the body and top of the Tower. The foot of the Tower is built in a square shape with many floors stacked on top of each other, making the Tower's appearance more solid. In addition to the brick layer, it is plastered with a layer of mortar, and there are no decorative patterns around it. The body of the Tower is decorated with floral motifs, notably a lotus flower with six overlapping layers that crowns the Tower with stylized embossed patterns of birds, flowers and leaves in a partial layout. very harmonious. Most special are the embossed dragons curling around the body of the Tower, the dragon's head and tail bunched together to form a figure eight. These dragons have very unique scales on their bodies, unlike any other expression style through historical periods in Vietnam. Dragons are small in size like the snakes that Hindu culture worships. All of these patterns are arranged harmoniously around the body of the Tower to create highlights and enhance the beauty of the Tower while also creating appeal and attraction for viewers when admiring this artistic architectural monument. From the main part of the tower body upwards, it is built in a hexagonal tubular architectural style, surrounded by tangent lines mixed with lotus petals running continuously around the tower body. The entire body of the Tower has 3 floors, the sides of each floor are built flat in a hexagon without decorative patterns, especially the middle part of each floor is built to bulge out to look like young lotus buds. In the middle of the connecting part of each floor is decorated with patterns, the patterns are stylized and pre-made and then attached such as: lotus petals, lancets, sun shapes and other flower and leaf shapes; Inside the lotus petals and lancets, there are small mirrors attached so that when the afternoon sun comes in, it radiates aura around. The top floor (the Tower) is decorated like the lower floor, only the size is reduced to create the soft and delicate beauty of the Tower. Chieng So Tower has many hidden architectural, historical and cultural values ​​that still exist today. Firstly, this is a monument with high artistic and architectural value. The Tower's design combined with floral motifs shows that this is an ancient cultural heritage imbued with creative thoughts, artistic intentions and thoughts about the lives of those who directly built it. Tower in particular and the people of the two ethnic groups Vietnam and Laos in general. Second, Chieng So tower leaves behind great historical value because it has helped researchers find and confirm the history of long-standing solidarity between the two brotherly peoples of Vietnam and Laos. Third, cultural value: with their ingenious creativity, the ancients left behind a cultural heritage for future generations - a splendid ancient tower with hidden beauty. culture between Vietnam and Laos have joined hands to share ideas to build. The existence of the Tower educates our young generation to look at the monument like looking into a large mirror to see the results of our ancestors' labor with enthusiasm, talent and solidarity. All those efforts show that the goal our ancestors wanted to achieve was "Truth - Compassion - Beauty".


Northwest Bach Hoa Vien



About 18 km from the center of Dien Bien Phu city, Northwest Bach Hoa Vien has an area of ​​over 3 hectares, landscape design and planning, elaborate investment in planting and caring for flowers to serve the needs of enjoying and experiencing. experience and research of residents and tourists. Northwest Bach Hoa Vien is an ideal place for young people and flower lovers to come here to visit, take photos and enjoy wonderful moments with plants, beautiful flowers and nature. Northwestern Bach Hoa Vien possesses many beautiful, rich and diverse types of flowers such as roses, chrysanthemums, forget-me-nots, dahlias, sunflowers and most notably butterfly flowers and poppy flowers. , yellow mustard flowers,... Scenes around the flower valley such as the path between the flower garden, riverside huts, and rest stations are also designed harmoniously and rustically by the garden owner, contributing to creating favorable conditions for visitors and tourists. Take many beautiful photos without getting bored. Visitors who have the opportunity to travel to Dien Bien will have moments of surprise and ecstasy before the brilliant colors of flowers at Bach Hoa Vien.


Martyrs Cemetery A1



Martyrs Cemetery A1 is located a few hundred meters south of Hill A1 (belonging to Dien Bien Phu city), and construction began in 1958. The cemetery has been upgraded and repaired many times. In 1994, the government spent up to 10 billion VND to repair and upgrade this place. The cemetery is the resting place of 644 soldiers, all of whom were military officers and soldiers who fell to the cold ground during the Dien Bien Phu campaign, but unfortunately, the vast majority of them have anonymous graves. The name of the hometown cannot be kept. There are only 4 tombs with names, which are the tombs of famous heroes: Tran Can, To Vinh Dien, Be Van Dan, Phan Dinh Giot. From the day it was completed until today, the cemetery always has people protecting and taking care of the incense sticks all year round. On important holidays, neighboring people often stop by to offer incense, remembering the great contributions of national heroes who sacrificed themselves to protect the country's independence and sovereignty. In the cemetery, the surrounding atmosphere is quiet, tranquility, cool atmosphere typical of the mountains along with a very green and clean environment. Every day, the cemetery is open from morning to evening to welcome thousands of domestic visitors as well as international friends. In 2016, there were 26,985 people and in just the first 6 months of 2018, there were over 10,000 people coming here to offer incense. The existence of the martyrs' cemetery on Hill A1 is a very clear historical witness to always remind future generations to forever remember the contributions of heroic martyrs as well as patriotic traditions. believe in revolution like his father did. In addition, this place is also a tourist destination for tourists from all over the world to come to learn about the fascinating cultural history. In Dien Bien tours, or programs, A1 cemetery will be an important destination - a beauty of Vietnamese people, very true to the age-old principle: ''when drinking water, remember the source''


Pa Khoang Lake



Pa Khoang Lake is located in Muong Phang commune, City. Dien Bien, Dien Bien province, nearly 20km from the city, located next to Highway 279, connecting Dien Bien Phu city with the campaign headquarters here - Muong Phang. Located at an altitude of over 1,000m above sea level, covering more than 600 hectares with a capacity of nearly 40 million m3 of water, Pa Khoang lake is the place that supplies water for 2 hydroelectric plants (Na Loi, Thac Bay) and ensures irrigation water. for Muong Thanh fields. Not only that, Pa Khoang is currently one of the ideal addresses for tourists coming to Dien Bien to visit and travel. Pa Khoang Lake (known locally as Pa Khoang), is located in the middle of a natural area with a peaceful, poetic landscape. The water surface of Pa Khoang Lake is clear, gentle, and quiet, reflecting the mountains, clouds, sky, and dark green forests. In winter, mist falls mysteriously, looming in the distance are rolling mountains and lovely houses. Pa Khoang tourist area has a total area of ​​2,400 hectares, of which: forest area 1,320 hectares, agricultural land 300 hectares, basic construction land 150 hectares, water surface area 600 hectares (with a capacity of 37,000 hectares). 2 million m3 of water). Pa Khoang Lake has many rich vegetation, diverse terrain, good climate suitable for relaxation... In the forests around the lake there are many animals and many types of orchids of all kinds. Around Pa Khoang lake, there are 11 villages with lovely stilt houses. In the lake area, there are ethnic villages of the Thai and Kho Mu ethnic groups that still retain the customs and unique features of the Northwest ethnic groups... Silhouettes of Thai girls, gorgeous in the sky. National costumes and tourists reflect on lake boats. Scenery and people make Pa Khoang more charming. On summer days, the atmosphere here is pleasant, with cool southern winds. That's why, recently, Pa Khoang Lake eco-tourism area has become an attractive weekend destination for people in Dien Bien Phu city, Dien Bien district and also an interesting choice for tourists from everywhere.


Tham Vang Cave



From Dien Bien to Muong Ang, where there is a system of limestone mountains scattered throughout the valley in the fields of Xuan Lao commune, and also where there is a deep cave called Tham Vang, it takes at least three hours by car. In the cave exploration tourist map, Tham Vang cave is a brand new name, unfamiliar even to indigenous people around Xuan Lao and Muong Ang areas. According to local people's description, Tham Vang is a cave in the limestone mountain system, with a door opening out halfway up the mountain, chosen as the entrance, from there it goes down to the depths, snaking through small niches and niches. Dangerously narrow and catches the Nam Hua stream, which flows around the field through the villages of Chieng Xom, Pha Hun, Mon Ha, Chieng Lao... In the local Thai language, Tham means "cave", and Bang or Vang means "cave". cancel". In the past, residents around the area, when the couple's life was not good and the soup was not sweet, the husband left for the forest, using Tham Vang cave as a place to hide for the days of... sulking. Therefore, people use the meaning of husband and wife leaving each other to name Tham Vang cave. Due to its not so good meaning, combined with the difficult road to the cave, indigenous people rarely visit this cave, because it is easy to misunderstand that there is something wrong with their family, so they leave home to go to the cave. During the rainy season, a trip to a forest cave is probably not as ideal as a normal walk, but it's okay. The day we arrived at Tham Vang cave, the entire valley at the foot of the mountain was deserted, without a trace of people. The trail connects to the foot of the mountain, only enough for one person to walk. The rains in the forest leave behind mud and slippery soil. We walked endlessly to the foot of the mountain, arriving at a lush green coffee field. Luckily, we met the land owner Phan Nhat. Hearing about the cave trip, Nhat enthusiastically became a guide. The luggage he brought with him was a field knife and a nervous state of mind for visitors from far away, because just after leaving the coffee fields, there was no road at that time, grass, trees, and rotting leaves covered the road. The journey to Tham Vang has another obsession with the Hai leaf. Luckily, this "delicious food" has been encountered in the cave area of ​​Phong Nha - Ke Bang, so we know how to avoid it. On the outside, Ms. Hai looks sparkling and green, one side is covered with pure white fluff, the other side is beautiful and gentle green, as big as a spread hand, growing all over the path. The forester accidentally brushed it, then oh well, the pain was like burning fire, the wound was only slightly red at first, then the itch came rushing back, the more I scratched and rubbed it, the more it spread, followed by a burning feeling. It's terrible, it takes a couple of days to heal. Besides the killer Hai, the road to Tham Vang also had mosquitoes as large as the Nguyen army. The climb was exhausting, but no one dared to stop for fear of becoming a target for the mosquitoes to hold a banquet. After walking for a long time, the vast cave entrance also opened in front of us. Thanks to the dry cave entrance, the layers of stalactites and limestone were weathered and covered with moss, creating a mysterious appearance. Mounted on the dome of the cave, about 50 meters high, are nearly a dozen hives of honey bees (a type of honey bee), laden with honey, shaking every time the wind blows. Phan Nhat said that every season when bees are soaked in honey, Thai people in the valley will bring bamboo trees and install them on mountain rocks to follow the cliffs to get honey for use. Looking at the steep cliff, on which there are still bamboo sticks left from the previous honey collection season, I really do not dare to imagine the job of exchanging my life for that bee bet. With the limited means I brought with me, I gradually advanced deeper into the cave, only a hundred meters, all communication with the outside was cut off, even light did not have a chance to penetrate. A dark, gloomy area next to million-year-old stone pillars, connecting from the cave dome to the floor, rugged and mysterious. Guide Phan Nhat said there were only about ten people in the whole area, all of whom were experienced mountaineers capable of going all the way to the cave. Standing from the inside of the cave looking out at Xuan Lao field, I suddenly saw Tham Vang's familiarity with the entrance to Hang En (Quang Binh). Many stratigraphic structures in the cave such as stalactites in terraced fields, sinkholes, geological faults... are similar to the chain of limestone caves in Phong Nha - Ke Bang such as Son Doong, Hang Tien, Hang Tu Lan... Only The other thing is the terrifying silence. The sound of mosquitoes buzzing, the sound of water drops echoing against the cliffs, occasionally the shrill cry of a lost swallow, outside the cave entrance, the afternoon light gradually falls, it is a scene that easily evokes loneliness. sad. Exploring the interesting nooks and crannies of Tham Vang, we only see the shadows of bats flying and the footprints of monkeys sheltering in the cave, without any trace of the natives who were upset with their wives and left home to stay in the cave in the past. That's right, because of the mysterious wilderness in the mountains and valleys, it must make those who are upset at home have to bow their heads and think again, returning to home is better than making friends with loneliness.


Pe Rang Ky Cave



Pe Rang Ky Cave is located at an altitude of over 1,000m above sea level. The cave is more than 800 meters long, hidden at the foot of a cliff, in the middle of a majestic mountain area, creating a charming landscape picture with endless mountain ranges, layer upon layer like thousands of elephants lying prostrate. . The cave consists of 3 compartments (arches) with different large and small doors with mysterious beauty that always create strong impressions and emotions for visitors. Standing under the cave, visitors will feel like they are standing in the middle of an ancient castle, with massive, majestic architecture but no less romantic and poetic. Visitors coming here can not only admire the beauty the beauty of the cave but also explore the charming and pristine beauty of the Ta Phin commune's rocky plateau, admire the stretching terraced fields, and majestic mountain ranges; Participate in the famous Tua Chua highland market, enjoy dishes rich in national identity such as Tua Chua mountain goat, black chicken (medicinal chicken), Mong pe wine, San Tuyet ancient tea and mingle in the flute melodies and flute sounds of the Mong ethnic people here.


Pha Din Pass



Pha Din Pass, also known as Pha Din Slope, connects the two provinces of Son La - Dien Bien, famous since the Dien Bien Phu campaign because it endured thousands of tons of bombs and bullets but still survived, today it is also called One of the "four great Northwest passes" is famous for its ruggedness and beautiful scenery that fascinates tourists. The name Pha Din Pass comes from the Thai ethnic language "Pha Din", in which Pha means "heaven", Din means "earth" implying the junction between heaven and earth. Legend of Pha Din Pass People of Lai Chau (later divided into Lai Chau and Dien Bien) and Son La have long passed down a story about a discussion to find a way to delineate the boundary of the two localities with a horse race. Cross Pha Din pass. After the arduous journey, the two brave warriors and the two handsome horses both had the same strength and will, so the distance they traveled to the meeting place on the pass was not much different. However, Lai Chau horses are better, so the part of the pass belonging to Lai Chau is a bit longer than the part of the pass belonging to Son La. During the fierce war, Pha Din Pass was one of the important lifelines supplying weapons, ammunition and food for our army's Dien Bien Phu campaign (1954), and has since become a symbol of the spirit of Vietnam. courageous spirit with more than 8,000 young volunteers "determining to die for the Fatherland". In 1954, in order to block our supply line, for 48 days and nights, the enemy sent planes to bomb National Highway 6, including Pha Din Pass and Co Noi intersection, which were two places that suffered a lot of bombs. Bullets fall the most. At the top of Pha Din pass, there is still a stele recording this historical mark. By 2005, the government decided to invest in upgrading National Highway 6 to the Northwest. Of which, the Son La - Tuan Giao section was constructed from 2006 to 2009 and then completed, dividing Pha Din Pass into 2 old and new routes from the 3-way intersection at the top of the pass: Old Pha Din Pass: 32km long (from km 360 to km 392, located on old Highway 6) has the highest point of 1,648m above sea level; and about 125 famous and dangerous turns, narrow roads, many sections only big enough for one car to pass through. Pha Din Moi Pass: built along the mountainside on the left side of old Highway 6, the length is reduced to 26km with about 60 bends, some curves are up to 60 meters wide, the slope is reduced to 8%, especially the road surface is extremely wide. almost 2 times compared to before. Since the New Pha Din Pass route was put into use, it has made traffic safer, while the Old Pha Din Pass route is only suitable for indigenous people or adventurous tourists looking to conquer and explore. break. Whether conquering the old or new Pha Din pass, visitors will have the opportunity to feast their eyes on the majestic and breathtaking natural scenery. Seen from a distance, the pass looks like a rope connecting the mountains together, suspended in the clouds. The zigzags, curves, ups and downs of the pass are as beautiful as if they were just in a painting. From the foot of the pass, you will be fascinated with the rustic villages, located peacefully in the middle of the green valley. Halfway up the pass, the forest carpet is covered with mist, occasionally dotted with red and purple dots of rice flowers and myrtle flowers. At the 3-way intersection at the top of the pass, the cold highland enveloped the tangerine, the space opened up vast, the carpet of clouds was tightly intertwined and floating, the mountains and hills were rolling in the distance... Almost on the entire Pha Din pass, vitality was evident. Not desolate like the old days. Because for many years now, people in neighboring villages of Phong Lai commune, Thuan Chau district, Son La province and people in Toa Tinh commune, Tuan Giao district, Dien Bien province have held markets together to sell local agricultural products and goods. . Vegetables, fruits, orchids and pets... are all produced by local people or taken from the mountains from the forest, so many tourists, after stopping to enjoy, also choose to buy a few things to take home. gift. A prosperous life is coming to every house and alley of the Mong people at the top of Pha Din pass covered in clouds all four seasons. Especially when the three species of coffee tree - cat apple - amomum are focused on development. Witnessing the changes here, we can see that the saying "Xa follows fire, Thai follows water, Mong follows fog" summed up by the ancients is still valid today.


Muong Thanh Bridge



Muong Thanh bridge - also called "Prenley" by the French, spans the Nam Rom river. Today, it is only about 300 meters from the intersection of Road 279. This historic bridge is known as the advance route of the Vietnamese People's Army. Muong Thanh today is a relic that has been protected and restored by the state to become a tourist area to serve many daily visitors. After more than 60 long years, the civet sentence remains in its original state as it was originally built and is forever associated with the phrase "bridge to advance". Muong Thanh Bridge is a key military project located in the central area of ​​the stronghold group of Dien Bien Phu province. On the morning of May 7, 1954, a total of 34 soldiers from Company 360 heroically advanced to capture Muong Thanh Bridge. The battle was very tough, we and the enemy were determined to conquer every inch of land. In that historic moment, DKZ 57 artillery fire provided timely support to be able to overcome the historic bridge and from there move forward to take control of the battlefield. By the afternoon of the same day, at 5:00 p.m., the soldiers of Regiment 209, Division 312 were present to cross Muong Thanh bridge and go straight into the enemy's lair and headquarters. And within just 30 minutes, General De Castrie and other enemies at Dien Bien Phu base were captured by our army. The image of nearly ten thousand country robbers raising white flags to surrender is unforgettable to anyone who witnessed it. Today, Muong Thanh bridge is not put into daily use but sits quietly on the gentle Nam Ron river to connect historical moments with the present, to tell visitors about the heroic moments of that year. or people who simply visit old battlefields. Currently, the government and state have restored and protected Muong Thanh Bridge, making this location a tourist attraction. More than 60 years of history have passed, but this bridge still retains its original roots and will forever be a historical bridge.


Hang Tom Bridge



The old Hang Tom Bridge was previously famous as the most beautiful cable-stayed bridge in the Northwest, connecting Muong Lay (Dien Bien) and Phong Tho, Sin Ho of Lai Chau. The reason the bridge is called Hang Tom is because this part of the river used to have too many shrimp. About 50m from the bridge, there is a "pool" of very cool water, shrimp from the Da River flock there to lay eggs. The whole stretch of river is densely packed with shrimp. Every day, people take turns going up there to catch them and eat them. But the people around this area have an unwritten custom: each family can only arrest for about an hour before the other family continues. In the late 1960s, Hang Tom Bridge began to be built. That day, Chinese experts and workers also came to help us build the bridge. However, in 1968, China had a cultural revolution, and all its experts and workers withdrew home. Fortunately, the item considered to be the most difficult, the cable car, had been pulled, leaving only the finishing stages remaining. But it was not until 1973 that Hang Tom Bridge was inaugurated. That day was truly a big festival for tens of thousands of Northwest people. Thousands of people came from all over to eat, eat rice balls, and walk for several days to see with their own eyes and once cross the dream bridge. Tom Cave is a highlight for the Northwest region. Because of the majestic and wild beauty of Hang Tom Bridge, in recent years, tourists, Westerners as well as ours, have flocked here, especially since the emergence of the backpacking tourism movement. In November 2012, Son La hydroelectric power station flooded, the entire old Muong Lay town, including Hang Tom bridge, sank deep under Song Da lake, ending 40 years of operation of the historic bridge. Right near the old Hang Tom bridge location, a new bridge was built to replace the task, 70m higher than the old bridge.


La Vang Holy Land

La Vang Holy Land is the most important and largest place for Vietnamese Catholics. Every year, millions of people make pilgrimages to honor the Virgin Mary in this sacred place.




Ta Puong Waterfall

When talking about Huong Hoa in Quang Tri province, people often think of Khe Sanh coffee, with smooth green coffee hills stretching as far as the eye can see and attracting all visitors' eyes when they set foot in this rustic, simple land. This is strange. Huong Hoa is a place where everywhere visitors can encounter the faint, gentle scent of dried coffee with a fragrant scent. And more specifically, when mentioning Huong Hoa, it is difficult for visitors to ignore the place that cools you down on hot summer days: Ta Puong waterfall - One of the most beautiful waterfalls in Quang Tri province.

Ta Puong Waterfall is an attractive destination for those who love adventure and exploration, with the hospitality and unique culture of the Pa Co and Van Kieu people. Ta Puong Waterfall in Trang Ta Puong village, Huong Viet commune, Huong Hoa mountainous district is one of the top destinations chosen by tourists when coming to Quang Tri. Gifted by nature with majestic scenery, Ta Puong waterfall has been attracting many tourists, especially adventurous tourists who choose to stop and enjoy during vacations and other activities. weekend. With many beautiful scenes, along with the hospitality and unique culture of the Pa Co and Van Kieu people, this is also one of the factors that help Quang Tri province thrive in tourism, especially discovery tourism. experience. Ta Puong Waterfall is located more than 100km from Dong Ha city. If you like the feeling of adventure and excursions, you can drive through Highway 9, then turn onto the Ho Chi Minh trail for about 50km to reach the center of Huong Viet commune. Here, visitors will feel the wildness, majesty, vertical and dangerous rocky cliffs, attracting those who love adventure. Located about 1.5km downstream from Ta Puong 1 waterfall is Ta Puong 2 waterfall, a waterfall with a height of about 20m flowing straight from halfway down the mountain through rocky cliffs, attracting adventurous tourists. This is also a place where visitors can rest, admire the beautiful scenery, breathe fresh, naturally cool air, and immerse themselves in the clear, cool water. Ta Puong Waterfall is a favorable place to develop experiential tourism, with interesting natural scenery, a cool temperate climate, and a unique and rich cultural and festival space of ethnic minorities. , such as the new rice festival, brocade weaving festival of ethnic minorities..., convenient to combine exploiting the potential of community tourism, tourism to experience local cultural life associated with tourism ecology, resort. Experiential and exploratory tourism is the trend of today's youth. Wild and new tourist destinations are becoming destinations for tourists from near and far, especially young people who like to explore and adventure. That's why Ta Puong waterfall is an attractive destination on hot, sultry summer days like today. Another advantage for developing tourism in Huong Hoa is that it owns famous revolutionary historical relics such as Lao Bao Prison, Ta Con Airport, Lang Vay Fort..., which are destinations for tour tourists. DMZ nostalgically revisits old battlefields and comrades. In addition, currently a number of individuals and organizations have planted daisies and wild sunflowers to create sightseeing and photography destinations, attracting many tourists inside and outside the province. In addition, you can also visit, learn about and explore nearby scenic spots such as Brai cave, Sa Mu pass, Lao Bao special economic and trade zone... So what are you waiting for? Take advantage of the summer days when you travel to Quang Tri to breathe the cool air here.


Chenh Venh Waterfall

Chenh Venh Waterfall is located in Huong Phung commune, Huong Hoa district, Quang Tri province. From Dong Ha city, follow Highway 9, go to Khe Sanh, turn onto Ho Chi Minh Highway West branch about 27km, Chenh Venh waterfall is located right at the foot of Sa Mu pass, an ideal place to rest, camp, and picnic. Ideal for tourists from near and far, especially on weekends.

Currently, there are still no road signs to Chenh Venh, so many people still have a bit of difficulty determining where to stop. From the foot of Sa Mu pass, go about 2km, and on the left you will see Production Team 9, Agriculture and Forestry Regiment 52. From the Production Team, just go another 150m - 200m to reach the trail leading to Chenh Venh waterfall. Previously, there was no parking space, but now, local people have set up shacks and guard cars for tourists. The trail to the waterfall is also wider and easier to walk. Passing the coffee garden, following the path for about 100 meters, I heard the sound of a gurgling stream from afar. If you pay attention, you can also hear the sound of forest birds singing, under the shady forest trees. When arriving at the waterfall, what immediately catches your eye are boulders of all sizes lying in the middle of the stream. Some parts of the stream are calm, some are rushing, weaving through large and small undulating rocks. On both sides of the stream are "walls" built of stone with countless tangled clusters of trees. We found flat rocks to rest before exploring the mother waterfall. Even though it's sunny, being immersed in the space of the mountains and forests, with the sound of the gurgling stream, feels really comfortable and relaxing. The scenery here will make you fascinated by its majestic, wild beauty, making you feel like you have just escaped from the noisy world to find a quiet, peaceful place. To get to the waterfall, you have to climb over a large rock blocking the middle of the stream or follow the rocky slopes along both banks. At the foot of the mother waterfall is a large, deep and blue lake. If you look closely into the water, you can see schools of small fish swimming around below your feet. Immersing yourself in the clear water in the hot air of the last days of summer is truly nothing like it. The mother waterfall is nearly 20m high, pouring streams of white water into the lake bed. From a distance, the flow of the waterfall does not seem very strong, but when you get close, you will realize that each wave of water rushes down into the blue lake below your feet. Anyone who wants to experience this "thrilling feeling" should remember to bring a life jacket when take a shower. Around the lake, there is a spacious area of ​​land, very suitable for camping or starting a kitchen or making food. Chenh Venh Waterfall has only recently become known, but has attracted the attention of not only local people but also travel companies and out-of-province visitors. Because there are no shops or services around this area, visitors to Chenh Venh often bring food and drinks with them. When you come to Chenh Venh waterfall, remember to clean up before leaving to preserve the beauty of the pristine waterfall in the middle of the mountains and forests of Quang Tri.


Nose Treo

Located in Vinh Kim commune (now Kim Thach commune), Vinh Linh district, Quang Tri province, Mui Treo is 40km north of Dong Ha city center and about 20km west of National Highway 1A. Located at an altitude of 30m above sea level, white sand and golden sunshine are poetically beautiful. It is a destination for young people today but is still very wild, surrounded by half forest and half sea. A suitable destination for tourists from far away places, especially for young people who like to explore new lands.

Traveling to Mui Treo is an experience for those who are passionate about exploring the beautiful landscapes of the country, a place that you can hardly miss when coming to Quang Tri at this time. Standing at a height of more than 30m, you will admire the panoramic beauty of the wild blue sea of ​​creation, you will realize that we seem to have missed out on quite a few miracles of life. Nature has given people this land. Come to Mui Treo, take a break from the hustle and bustle of current life to immerse yourself in the vast, endless ocean and save the beautiful moments in this place as luggage for your youth. . If this is your first time coming to Mui Treo, you will be amazed by the wild beauty here. Standing from Mui Treo and looking out into the distance, you can see how vast and majestic the landscape here is. Standing in a daze in the deep blue ocean, the clear blue straits and the images of sea people floating on the sea, I realize how small I am compared to the ocean world. Mui Treo is also the place where many tourists come to picnic on weekends. This is also the place that couples choose to "check in" on the most important day of their lives. It is this place that has bestowed the land of Quang Tri with wonderful things that cannot be found anywhere else. Although it has not yet been exploited, Mui Tre still has its inherent, completely natural beauty, and is a name mentioned in the list of impressive tourist destinations in Quang Tri. Every weekend, Mui Treo becomes an ideal picnic destination for those who like to explore, especially young people. Right behind Mui Treo is a 5-7ha primeval forest with many types of precious wood and biodiversity. The road to Mui Tre is filled with lush green lawns and beautiful wildflowers. Standing on the rocky slope, visitors will feel the excitement and adventure. In addition, visitors can immerse themselves in nature, sea and sky, and enjoy the fresh air. Below is a beach with beautiful sand, stretching about 4km from Vinh Thach commune to Vinh Thai commune of Vinh Linh district. You can camp overnight and have fun with friends on the weekends. Mui Treo is a place of pristine nature, full of natural terrain from sky-high green forests, rocky beaches and beautiful beaches. Come to Mui Treo. There's nothing better than pitching a tent together to watch the sunset and waking up early in the morning in soft sleeping bags to catch the first rays of sunlight in a wild and romantic land.


Bich La ancient village

Bich La ancient village with 500 years old in Trieu Dong commune, Trieu Phong district is famous as a land of spiritual masterpieces. This place is the homeland of many talented people of our country from ancient times to present, the most typical of which is comrade Le Duan.




Brai Cave

Brai Cave is located close to the Vietnam - Laos border, in A Soc village, Huong Lap commune, Huong Hoa district, Quang Tri province, and is a tourist destination known for its wild beauty. This place is known to many backpackers who are fascinated by the beauty of many stalactites that are hundreds of years old.

During the war years, Brai Cave was a place of refuge for local people and soldiers to avoid bombs and bullets. There are 2 routes to Brai cave. Visitors can go from Kim Thuy commune (Le Thuy district, Quang Binh province) along Ho Chi Minh Highway (West branch) about 40km to Brai Mountain or from Dong Ha town (Quang Tri province) along Highway 9 to the town. Khe Sanh town (Huong Hoa district, Quang Tri province), then continue on Ho Chi Minh road (West branch) about 60km to the foot of the mountain. From here, climb the steep hill about 100m, visitors will reach Brai cave. The cave's entrance is triangular, very wide, hidden behind a layer of vines the size of a wrist. Through the cave entrance, visitors will immediately see massive colorful stalactites (yellow, white, orange...) with unique shapes hanging down from the ceiling of the cave. In particular, located about 350m from the cave entrance, there is a strip of stalactites shaped like a natural picture carved on the rock with vivid touches. Some other stalactites have been eroded smooth by water flowing down from the cave ceiling, as if coated with sparkling enamel.


Con Co Island

Located across the 17th parallel, Con Co is not only a frontline island protecting national sovereignty but also one of the rare beautiful islands of the Central region.

Con Co Island is located nearly 30km from Cua Viet port, Gio Linh district, Quang Tri province, also known as Hon Co, Con Ho, or Hon Me. Because it was formed by tectonic activity from volcanic eruptions, the island has geological and ecological value, and the landscape is like a natural museum with unique basalt shelves along the coast and small beaches. Pristine is made up of coral debris, oysters, scallops, sand... With an area of ​​about 2.3 km², of which more than 70% is primeval forest, Con Co island is one of the few places in Vietnam. There is also a 3-storey tropical forest ecosystem that is preserved almost intact. Therefore, one of the interesting experiences not to be missed when visiting Con Co is visiting the primeval forest in the middle of the sea, enjoying the fresh air and exploring the rich flora and fauna on the island. In particular, when coming to Con Co, visitors should not forget to visit the Traditional House of Con Co Island, which stores memorabilia recreating the heroic history of the island's army and people, and offer incense at the Memorial honoring the soldiers. heroically sacrificed to protect the Fatherland's seas and islands or visit many attractive attractions such as: National flagpole, Con Co island lighthouse, Nghe wharf, Tranh wharf... Along with investment in facilities infrastructure, linking to develop tours and tourist routes and promoting the exploitation of local strengths, Con Co island is expected to increasingly develop, attracting a large number of domestic and international tourists.


Cua Viet Beach

Located in Cua Viet town, Gio Linh district, Quang Tri province, Cua Viet beach is 15km east of Dong Ha city, about 1km north of Trans-Asia road (Song - Cua Viet). Those who want to visit can easily find it here because of the convenience of transportation and roads. In recent years, Cua Viet beach is changing to take on a newer, more beautiful appearance - ready to be an ideal stopping place for souls who want to find a "healing area" to rest, relax.




Phu Cam Church

When mentioning Hue, many people still think of famous landmarks such as the Citadel, Thien Mu Pagoda, etc. But forget that Hue also has many places to be discovered, such as Phu Cam Church. One of the beautiful architectural churches of Hue. Traveling to Hue without going to Phu Cam church, you will definitely find something missing.




Ho Tinh Tam

Tinh Tam Lake, formerly Ky Te Lake, was rebuilt by King Minh Mang as a resting place in 1822. Tinh Tam Lake is also known as Bac Ho (because it is located north of the Citadel). King Minh Mang built many palaces, attics, pavilions, bridges, and gardens here, making Tinh Tam Lake area a wonderful landscape of the sacred land.

The lake's circumference is more than 1,400m, separated from the outside world by a brick wall about 2.50m high. Each wall has a door: Dong Hy (North), Ha Huan (South), Xuan Quang (East), Thu Nguyet (West). On the surface of the lake there are three islands: Phuong Truong (North), Bong Lai (South) and Doanh Chau Island (West). On Phuong Truong Island, the main architectural work is Nam Huan Cac, two floors, roofed with lapis lazuli tiles, facing south. There are also Tinh Tam Lau, Thien Nhien Duong, Duong Tanh Hien. In front of Nam Huan Cac, there is a Bich Tao gate, connected by a wooden bridge (Bich Tao Kieu). On Bong Lai island, the main architectural work is Bong Doanh Palace, with three wings, overlapping the snails, facing south, with railings on all four sides. There is also Ta Tham Tam, Trung Luyen floor. In front of the Palace, there is a door connecting with Bong Doanh bridge across the other side of the lake, and there is Hong Cu bridge facing Bich Tao bridge. In the middle of the lake there is Kim Oanh bridge connecting Xuan Quang and Thu Nguyet gates, in the middle of the dyke there is Tu Dat Communal House, two sides connected to Bich Tao and Hong Cu bridges. On the lake, there is also a Khuc Ta Ha Phong building, facing Doanh Chau island, on the left there is Thanh Tuoc workshop where Ngu boats are stored. There is also a system of covered corridors connecting the floors, temples, communal houses, and 106-room dais. Tinh Tam Lake is a fresh and attractive space located in the heart of the ancient capital and in the hearts of the people of Hue. Tinh Tam Lake has been ranked as a national relic according to Decision No. 99/2004/QD-BVHTT, dated December 15, 2004.


Vong Canh Hill

If you have the opportunity to visit Hue, you should not miss Vong Canh Hill - Angel eyes of the ancient capital. Vong Canh Hill Hue is the perfect combination of river and mountain nature that nature has lovingly bestowed on the dreamy land of Hue. Possessing a peaceful, romantic landscape, this place is a great destination for both Hue people in particular and domestic and foreign tourists in general. Vong Canh is a hill only 43m high, lying gently beside the gentle Perfume River. The hill belongs to Thuy Xuan village, 7km southwest of the city, on the road leading to the rustic Tomb of Tu Duc. The scenery fascinates people.




Tu Dam Pagoda

Located in Truong An ward, Tu Dam pagoda is one of the 4 largest and oldest pagodas in Hue city. After more than 300 years of formation and development, with historical marks of Vietnamese Buddhism, Tu Dam Pagoda has become an attractive spiritual tourist destination for domestic and foreign tourists.

The pagoda's birth name was An Ton, founded in 1695. In 1841, King Thieu Tri of the Nguyen Dynasty changed the pagoda's name to Tu Dam (meaning "good cloud"). Architecturally, Tu Dam Pagoda is not as unique as some ancient pagodas in Hue, but it has quite bold marks in the history of Vietnamese Buddhism in particular and the country in general. Venerable Thich Hai An, abbot of Tu Dam pagoda, said: "This is an ancestral pagoda, but in 1940-1945 it became the headquarters of the An Nam Buddhist National Assembly, with historical marks. By 1951, it was the place where the Buddhist Congress of the North, Central and South regions was held. In particular, in 1963, it was the starting place for the movement to fight against the suppression of Buddhism by the Ngo Dinh Diem government. Through more than 300 years of establishment and development, Tu Dam Pagoda has played a role in developing the leyline of Thua Thien Hue and surrounding areas. Enlightened disciples from Tu Dam Pagoda spread out, traveling everywhere. Wherever there are new people, it seems that there are monks of Tu Dam pagoda following to lead and comfort new people coming to a strange land. Hundreds of pagodas in Hue today, including reconstructed village pagodas, were all painted, rebuilt, or maintained by disciples of the pagoda, making Hue Buddhism as prosperous as it is today. .


Ho Chi Minh Museum in Thua Thien Hue

Thua Thien Hue, the land that nurtured President Ho Chi Minh's childhood during the years he and his family lived, studied and participated in patriotic activities during the period 1895 - 1901 and 1906 - 1909. This is the place where This contributed to molding and forming President Ho Chi Minh's patriotic ideology, thereby motivating him to be determined to go out and find a way to save the country and the people.

Ho Chi Minh's Heritage - Uncle Ho's years in Hue from an "object" perspective is the system of relics he left behind. Up to now, according to statistics in Thua Thien Hue, there are about 20 monuments and places commemorating President Ho Chi Minh, of which 04 monuments are ranked by the State as National Historical Monuments: President Ho Chi Minh's Memorial House. President Ho Chi Minh at 112 Mai Thuc Loan (new number 158), Quoc Hoc School - Hue, President Ho Chi Minh Memorial House in Duong No village, Duong No village communal house and 05 Provincial-level relics. Regarding "intangible" heritage, there are thousands of written and folk documents about him, talking about him, his own memories of his time in Hue and Uncle Ho's heart for Thua Thien Hue and Thua Thien Hue. with Uncle Ho. The legacy that President Ho Chi Minh and his family left behind on the land of Thua Thien Hue is a pride and priceless asset that the Ho Chi Minh Museum in Thua Thien Hue has the honor and heavy responsibility to preserve. preserve, embellish and promote values, in order to contribute to gradually bringing Ho Chi Minh's ideology and moral example to life, encouraging all classes of people to promote the cause of industrialization, modernization, and excitement. Fighting for the goal of rich people, strong country, democracy, fairness and civilization, building Thua Thien Hue economically rich, culturally beautiful, strong in national defense and security.


Lang Co Bay

Lang Co Bay is located in Phu Loc district, Thua Thien Hue province, next to National Highway 1A, right at the foot of Hai Van pass, about 60km from Hue city center and 20km from Da Nang city. The bay is 42.5 km long, Lang Co beach has beautiful smooth sand more than 10 km long, clear blue sea water, where there are many resorts.




Bach Ma Mountain

From City. Hue, follow Highway 1A about 40km south to Cau Hai town (Phu Loc district), then turn right about 19km, visitors will arrive at Bach Ma National Park. Located at the last part of the Truong Son Bac range. Long from the Vietnam - Laos border to the East Sea, at an altitude of 1,450m above sea level, the Bach Ma mountain area has a fresh, cool climate and is considered by foreign experts to be one of the most The mountain has the most pleasant climate in Indochina.




Lai Thieu Ecotourism Area

Lai Thieu eco-tourism area is completely close to nature. Just away from the city. Da Nang is less than 40km away. This place has a peaceful space away from the hustle and bustle of the city. The fresh air of a large green area of ​​over 50 hectares. Lai Thieu is an ideal destination for tourists "Visit the zoo, picnic, entertainment, relaxation, cuisine & event organization".

Lai Thieu eco-tourism area was built to become a green - clean - beautiful and cool ecological area, meeting the needs of Da Nang people as well as domestic and foreign tourists. The resort has a bold rural feel. Besides, Lai Thieu Ecotourism Area has been collecting, conserving and preserving unique fruit trees from all regions across the country. Some of them are rare and almost impossible to find. After more than 10 years of collecting and searching, Lai Thieu Ecotourism Area has more than 120 different fruit tree varieties brought and planted here. Especially the Guol stilt houses of the Co-tu ethnic people to preserve the culture & identity of the Co-tu ethnic people in this mountainous tourist area. Coming to Lai Thieu, visitors will feel the fresh air, the fruit trees are full of branches and the stream is clear and cool, the grass and trees are surrounded by rocks and flowers are blooming next to the ancient houses, interspersed with beautiful landscapes. poetic bamboo hut with coconut leaves. Tourists feel like they are returning to their childhood, as innocent as ever. Here, visitors can see, explore and learn with their own eyes, as well as enjoy the delicious taste of rare fruits typical of every region in the country that may have never been known or only known. hear about it.


Hai Chau communal house

More than 500 years ago, 43 clans of Hai Chau village, Tinh Gia district, Thanh Hoa followed King Le Thanh Tong to the South to explore the land and establish Hai Chau village. Hai Chau village communal house was built in the 5th year of Gia Long (1806) to worship the village's Thanh Hoang and the village's predecessors and successors.




Asia Park

On the first day of opening, Asia Park put Da Nang in the Guinness Book of World Records, with the Top 10 tallest Ferris wheels in the world. Sun Wheel is 115m high (equivalent to a 25-storey building). From that height, Da Nang is beautifully spacious with a wide-open view. The name "Da Nang Vision" probably originates from here.




Linh Ung Pagoda Son Tra

Linh Ung Pagoda is located in the Bai But area, Son Tra peninsula, 10km northeast of Da Nang city center. The pagoda was started construction on July 4, 2004 (June 19, Giap Than year) and inaugurated on July 30, 2010 (June 19, Canh Dan year).




Museum of Buddhist culture

The first Buddhist museum in Vietnam is located on the 700m2 campus of Avalokiteśvara Pagoda, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang City, where hundreds of ancient Buddhist artifacts are currently stored and has become a tourist attraction. new on the journey to explore Marble Mountains since January 2016.




Da Nang Fine Arts Museum

Located at 78 Le Duan, Thach Thang Ward, Hai Chau District, Da Nang City, the Da Nang Museum of Fine Arts currently stores and displays, introducing to the public more than 1,000 works of modern art and other works of art. Folk art artifacts and traditional handicraft products.

Da Nang Museum of Fine Arts was established on July 29, 2014, with the function of preserving, exploiting and promoting the value of fine arts heritage of Da Nang and the region. In particular, there are many sculptors, painters, and collectors in the city and region who have transferred, donated valuable works, or left all of their works to the Museum. Therefore, the Da Nang Museum of Fine Arts is not only a place to preserve, promote and honor the value of fine arts works but also demonstrate the warm and intimate exchange of fine arts artists all over the world. national and international artists. The Da Nang Museum of Fine Arts consists of 3 floors, with a total display area of ​​1,185.5m2 on a land area of ​​1,875m2, which is the old facility of the Da Nang History Museum. The outside wall is built in square, angular blocks, and the exhibition grounds are planted with lots of flowers and grass, bringing a feeling of relaxation and comfort to visitors during their visit. The first floor includes a hall space, a short-term thematic exhibition area and a space for displaying and exploring art for children. The lobby space is the most solemn place of the museum, used to welcome and provide necessary information to visitors about the tour itinerary. There is also a bronze mound relief measuring 5m x 3m, delicately carved by artisans with the theme of the development of Fine Arts in Da Nang and the Central - Central Highlands region. The short-term thematic exhibition space is one of the Museum's attractive art spaces because the theme, content, and display format are always changing, at least every month there will be a new exhibition taking place. here. In addition, the children's art exhibition and discovery space is an attractive place for children to enjoy high-quality works that have won prizes in local children's painting competitions. city ​​and country tables. The 2nd floor introduces 5 topics about modern art of Da Nang, the region and the whole country, including works of typical artistic value in the Museum's collection of lacquer, oil painting, silk, and graphics. and sculpture... and the theme of revolutionary struggle. The works here are quite unique and creative, with many abstract works that are sometimes difficult to understand immediately and also stimulate the viewer's curiosity. In addition, this is also a popular check-in location with young people because of its sophisticated and extremely "artistic" space. The 3rd floor displays and introduces the theme of ancient fine arts, folk arts and many traditional handicraft products of Da Nang and the Central - Central Highlands region such as the art of creating patterns on fabrics and jewelry. national clothes and clothes; Wooden sculpture, worship paintings, worship statues, worship mascots; Folk art, tomb house statues of the Truong Son - Central Highlands ethnic groups, a collection of opera masks and traditional applied arts such as stone carving, ceramics, woodwork... Da Nang Fine Arts Museum is a An interesting cultural address for the people of Da Nang, a necessary destination for domestic and foreign tourists and an address for intimate and warm exchanges of fine arts artists in Da Nang and the region.


Oh Oh Waterfall

O O Waterfall, located in Tien Chau commune, Tien Phuoc district, has a length of more than 07km, formed from three stream branches originating from high mountains: Bang Lim, Nong Cuam, Cay Giay. The cool water flows through the rocks and forest canopy, then merges with the Tien River to follow the Thu Bon River to the sea.

Right at the foot of the waterfall is a clear blue lake with a view to the bottom, an ideal place for visitors to soak in the cool water or let the water jets from the waterfall "massage" the body to cool off on hot summer days. . Located between O O waterfall and O Dieu waterfall is Vuc Ban with a charming space as a place to stop to rest and take souvenir photos. Above are rocky rapids spread out under a cool canopy of trees. Below the lake, the water is clear and cool, with many mountain crabs and stream fish swimming around... O O Waterfall is an ideal place for young people to swim and freely splash in the water, right under the pouring water. Down from the foot of the waterfall, the waterfall is separated into many small waterfalls on both sides, each side has its own beauty. What you should not miss here is bathing under the waterfall. Not only is it an attractive and impressive sightseeing spot, coming to O O stream, visitors also have the opportunity to discover many interesting intangible cultural values ​​from the gentle land, the honest, honest and friendly countryside people. hospitality.


Bay Mau coconut forest

Bay Mau Coconut Forest Cam Thanh Hoi An is an attractive destination for domestic and foreign tourists. The reason for this name is because in the past, this forest had about 7 acres of coconut trees growing freely. To date, the forest has grown to more than 100 hectares but people still keep the name Bay Mau coconut forest because it is so familiar and dear to Hoi An people and tourists. Because it is located right in the brackish water area, it is very suitable for nipa coconuts to grow.




The Heroic Mother Vietnam Monument complex

Located about 7 km from Tam Ky city on the top of Cam mountain, Phu Thanh village, Tam Phu commune, Tam Ky city, Quang Nam province. The Vietnam Heroic Mother Monument is located adjacent to many other attractions. The space here is close to the majestic mountains and forests, so it attracts many tourists from near and far.

With a total area of ​​15 hectares on the top of Cam Mountain. Coming in from the outside, you will see on both sides the front gate square with 8 towering legendary pillars depicting symbolic images of gentle, kind-hearted Northern mothers; The brave and indomitable mother of the Central region, or like the mother of the Central Highlands, even though her stomach is not full, still devotes every grain of corn to the soldiers, and then the steadfast, indomitable Southern mother... The main statue is modeled after the image of a Vietnamese mother. Male hero Nguyen Thi Thu lives in Dien Thang commune, Dien Ban district, Quang Nam province. The 18.5m high monument is made of sandstone with statue blocks made of marble running along a 120m arc. Thu's mother's portrait is engraved with simple, rustic features, and her kind beauty is holding out her arms to welcome her children. On both sides of the statue are cliffs made up of natural stone blocks arranged close together skillfully and smoothly like the rhythmic levels of a symphony. The low, high, up and down tones seem to symbolize the arduous years of the children's history. In front of the monument is a lake larger than 1000 square meters. Inside the bow-shaped marble block is a museum in the mother's womb with an area of ​​400m2, including: gallery and preservation room. This is the place to register heroic Vietnamese mothers along with photo and film documents, introducing life during the fierce years as well as the Mother's wholehearted dedication to the Vietnamese Fatherland. . The monument's architectural complex also has airy waiting houses for tourists to rest; or large rocks engraved with rich, profound poems about the heroic Mother Vietnam. The skillfulness of the portrayer makes visitors feel choked and moved by the image of a Mother to her children - heroic soldiers and devoted to the Fatherland during the years of glorious struggle. Whose heart is not saddened, wistful and filled with a mother's love when she comes here.


Huynh Thuc Khang Memorial House

It is a national historical-cultural relic, located in village 1, Tien Canh commune, Tien Phuoc district, Quang Nam province, about 35 km west of Tam Ky city.




Rang Beach

Rang Beach (Tam Quang commune, Nui Thanh district, Quang Nam), a quiet beauty, still pristine when not much exploited by humans, is an interesting place for visitors to return after the noise. street and is a cool place to stay, relieving the sultry heat of summer.

Located about 2km from Chu Lai airport, Bien Rang curves along the road connecting Ky Ha port to Dung Quat Oil Refinery (Quang Ngai). Nature here is still pristine with undulating rocky rapids, blue sea water, and fresh air, suitable for vacation trips. Although Rang Beach has been known for a long time, it is a place that tourists from all over come back to every summer. But tourism here has not yet invested much in development, so it is not as noisy and bustling as many other beaches. It can be said that the sunrise at Rang beach is an irresistible beauty for tourists as well as "paparazzi". In the summer, sunrise usually appears around 5am - 6am. Early tomorrow, on the beach, people flock to exercise, swim in the morning, fishermen row baskets to go fishing early and ships arrive ashore after a night at sea. Fish, squid, and shrimp are fresh as soon as they come ashore, and locals and tourists compete to buy them. In addition, the rough rocks are stacked on top of each other to create large rocks and rocky mountains rising above the blue background in the North of the sea. There is nothing more interesting than standing on large rocks close to the sea to look into the distance, the vast ocean embracing boats and baskets. There are family-style restaurants scattered about 1 km along the beach, or huts on the sandy beach serving fresh seafood dishes. After swimming, visitors can sit and enjoy grilled flying fish, lobster, steamed squid, mixed mussels, oyster porridge... under windy huts watching the afternoon sea. In addition, visitors can also buy specialties as gifts such as anchovy fish sauce, seaweed, abalone wine... and fresh seafood such as squid, lobster, flying fish,...


Muong Phang Cherry Garden



Many domestic and international tourists, when arriving in Dien Bien, already know that Muong Phang was the Commander of the Vietnamese army in the historic Dien Bien Phu campaign "Illustrious in five continents, shaking the earth". However, few people know that, on an island in the middle of Pa Khoang lake, Muong Phang commune, there is a cherry blossom garden now blooming, marking the friendship between the two peoples of Vietnam and Japan. Copy. The cherry tree appearing in Dien Bien is also quite interesting. Mr. Tran Le, 66 years old, Director of Muong Phang Agroforestry Technology Joint Stock Company, the owner of this "Flower Island" recounted: Previously, he knew a Japanese person in economic relations regarding processing, export agricultural products. Because they knew he was a biological researcher, the partner gave him 10 cherry tree seeds to plant in Vietnam. Although there are many facilities in a number of provinces and cities across the country, he still decided to bring it to Muong Phang to try planting because the soil conditions of this land are quite suitable, and moreover because this is a historical land, there are meaningful. With 10 seeds, since 2006 he has planted 9 trees, of which the friend asked for 5 trees. The remaining 4 trees planted on "Flower Island" have begun to flower and bear fruit after 3 years. However, because they were grown from seeds, the flower varieties were separated and could no longer retain their original color. From these seedlings, he multiplied 500 more and are planting them in the garden, of which 40 of the first batch have now flowered. With the 5 hectares of land allocated, Mr. Tran Le plans to "cover" an entire "cherry island" in the middle of Pa Khoang lake. In addition, Mr. Le also gave the Department of Agriculture of Dien Bien province nearly 600 seedlings to replicate in other localities in the province. Not only growing and propagating cherry blossoms, Muong Phang Agroforestry Technology Joint Stock Company is currently growing and researching over 40 other flower species, including the birth of a bright red lily variety that has not been found anywhere else in the world. received, intending to name it Ly Muong Phang.


Muong Luan Tower



Muong Luan Tower is an artistic architectural work worth visiting and studying, located in Muong Luan village, Muong Luan commune, Dien Bien Dong district, Dien Bien province. From Dien Bien Phu city, follow Highway 279 south, reach Pom Lot intersection, turn left to Na Sang, cross Keo Lom (wind wind) slope, cross Suoi Lu and then go straight to Muong Luan village about 90 km is to arrive. Muong Luan Tower was built right at the beginning of the village at the foot of Hua Ta mountain (watershed mountain). The tower's architecture is square in shape, large at the bottom, gradually smaller at the top, the base of the tower is 1m high, each side is 5.50m, the surrounding is not decorated with patterns, it is plastered with a layer of mortar from the bottom up to form a stylized lotus. There are 6 overlapping layers that take up the entire tower. The entire 15m high Muong Luan tower is decorated in two parts. The body of the tower from the pedestal up has many smooth, overlapping round-shouldered pedestals combined with engraved and embossed pattern lines represented by stylized bird images, flowers and leaves arranged harmoniously. In the first part, the most prominent thing is the embossed dragon image running around the trunk of the tower, forming a double figure eight. The four sides of the tower all represent five pairs of dragons, giving the tower a majestic appearance, both sturdy and durable. The second part of the tower has two floors and a tower. The sides of each floor are not decorated with patterns but are plastered with mortar, lime sand and molasses. Each part is bulging in the middle, and the two ends are concave like a diamond. In the middle of the adjacent part of each floor is decorated with patterns and motifs made of terracotta such as bird heads, lotus petals, leaf shapes, pointed leaves and sun shapes. Decorative motifs are connected together to form a harmonious, tightly arranged decorative project. Inside the lotus petals and lancets there are small pieces of mirror attached. In particular, the sun image attached to the middle of the four sides of the tower is also equipped with a mirror so that every time the sunlight shines on the tower, it radiates light to all four directions. Between the second floor and the tower are also decorated like the first and second floors, but the only difference is that they are scaled down to create a gentle, soft beauty. The terracotta color of the bright red decorative motifs, mixed with white gray, brown gray and dark gray, makes the tower more ancient, standing out against the dark green background of the Northwest mountains. Muong Luan Tower is like a graceful, gentle girl standing quietly reflecting on the clear blue Ma River... This is an artistic architectural work symbolizing the solidarity of ethnic groups, especially the construction of the tower can Currently, the Vietnam - Laos friendship has been closely linked for a long time.


Citadel Ban Phu



Ban Phu Citadel relic in Noong Het commune, Dien Bien district, Dien Bien province was built from 1758 to 1762, more than 80 acres wide, leaning against the Nam Rom river; The base of the citadel is 15m wide, the side of the citadel is 5m wide, and 15m high; The citadel wall is made of soil, planted with bamboo brought from the western region of Thanh Hoa, the moat is 4-5 meters deep and wide. There is a legend that on the face of a horse, an elephant can walk. The city has gates: front, back, left, right. In the 18th century, after leading a peasant uprising against the Le - Trinh dynasty in today's Thai Binh region, general Hoang Cong Chat brought the insurgent army to the Northwest region, linking and coordinating with Two local generals, General Ngai and General Khanh, led the people to defeat the invasion of the Phe enemy, completely liberating Muong Thanh land. To commemorate his great contributions, in Ban Phu citadel, people built a temple to worship farmer leader Hoang Cong Chat, who had great contributions in the struggle to expel Phe invaders and protect Muong village. Today, although it no longer looks as large as before, the Ban Phu Citadel relic has been embellished with a section of the wall so that visitors can think of the majestic, majestic ancient citadel, a work of military architecture. defense of the border region. Standing on the citadel, visitors can admire the landscape of the entire region with looming stilt roofs hidden behind green bamboo groves and stretching fields. The inner area of ​​the citadel has a cultural house on stilts capable of accommodating hundreds of people, on both sides of the citadel are lotus ponds surrounded by stone embankments along with a system of brick roads and large yards serving cultural, festive and fun activities. play and compete in sports. At the center of the temple stands an ancient tree, called the great unity tree by the people here. Because they share the same root, they are the harmony of three sycamore trees, banyan trees, and eucalyptus trees that are intertwined and blend together, giving shade to the entire temple yard. Legend has it that this ancient tree was planted by leader Hoang Cong Chat and two Thai leaders, General Ngai and General Khanh. Through many ups and downs of history, the ancient tree remains steadfast, as a symbol of the spirit of solidarity between the Thai, Kinh and other ethnic groups in the land of Muong Thanh, solidarity among the lowlands. and reverse domain. Next to the ancient banyan tree is the temple worshiping Hoang Cong Chat and his generals. This is a place for tourists to offer incense to show their respect and sincerely pray for peace and good luck... Over the past years, the relics of Ban Phu Citadel - Hoang Cong Chat temple have gradually been preserved and preserved. protect and renovate, meeting the needs of tourists inside and outside the province to learn about history and culture. In particular, the Hoang Cong Chat Temple Festival was recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism as a National Intangible Heritage in 2015. The festival is held on the 24th and 25th of the second lunar month (November 2015). The death anniversary of leader Hoang Cong Chat) is the temple's most important event of the year. The ceremony at Hoang Cong Chat temple festival takes place very solemnly and respectfully with sacred rituals that have been preserved and passed down through many generations. The festival opens with a palanquin procession and historical reenactment, illustrating the image of general Hoang Cong Chat, general Ngai, and general Khanh expelling the Phe invaders, liberating Muong Thanh: Before the souls of the deceased. The clans are united, loving each other like flesh and blood in harmony, sharing a gourd, sharing an ancient drilled hole, sticking forever like glue... (Excerpt from the festival's Eulogy) Right after the ceremony, there was a bustling atmosphere of activities. Cultural and artistic activities and traditional folk games of ethnic minorities. The atmosphere is really vibrant with many performances such as national costume performances, singing and dancing, folk games such as tug of war, sack jumping, blindfolded duck catching... Besides, visitors will enjoy ethnic dishes or buy local products such as brocade, wickerwork, souvenirs...


Hua Pe Hot Springs



Hua Pe Hot Springs is a beautiful place not to be missed during the National Day holiday of September 2. After stressful working days, what's better than finding a place to relax and unwind? 5km northwest of Dien Bien city center, Hua Pe hot mineral spring is in Thanh Luong commune, Dien Bien district. The road to Hua Pe hot springs is actually not difficult. But there is a limitation: Dien Bien's terrain is quite difficult to navigate. The steep slopes and downhill sections seem like a big challenge. If traveling by motorbike, visitors need to have a steady steering wheel to avoid danger. Nature has gifted Hua Pe hot mineral springs with an extremely abundant water source. In particular, spring water is always maintained at a temperature of 60°C and contains many valuable minerals. Next to the mineral spring, Pe Luong artificial hot water lake with year-round wind was formed. This place has become a very attractive eco-tourism area for both domestic and foreign tourists. Moreover, Hua Pe mineral springs have not been exploited like other types of professional tourism. Therefore, this is an ideal location for tourists who want to relax. Bathing in hot mineral water is a therapy that helps improve health, especially diseases of the musculoskeletal and nervous systems. Not only that, visitors can also relax and relieve stress when taking a mineral bath. Hua Pe mineral spring water is highly safe and very good for the human body. This has been tested and evaluated by the Institute of Medicine. That's why local people still use this mineral spring water in their daily activities. In addition, Hua Pe mineral spring also contains many special things, such as being drinkable. Hot spring water contains many nutrients that help purify the body and supplement missing minerals. Tourists often say that there are many hot springs, but only Hua Pe is the only one that can drink water. So when traveling here, don't forget to try a sip of spring water. After bathing in the hot mineral spring, visitors can explore and visit the surrounding scenery. How wonderful it feels to be immersed in peaceful nature! Hua Pe hot springs have now been re-planned to conveniently serve tourists with mineral spring bathing pools, large swimming pools, double swimming pools... In addition, water entertainment activities are also gradually developing. Surely in the near future, this place will be a place to attract many tourists in Dien Bien province. In particular, visitors cannot miss the unique Dien Bien specialties. Some typical must-try dishes are Tua Chua Black Chicken. This is a black-bone chicken breed endemic to the H'mong people. In H'mong language it is called Ka Du. Ka Du's appearance is completely black, his bones are also tinged black. In particular, the chicken meat is extremely delicious and firm. Muong Thanh bird sticky rice, fragrant sticky rice cooked from upland sticky rice seeds. Pigeon meat is fatty, soft and sweet. Sprinkle on top with a little fried shallots, the flavor of the specialty will never be forgotten. Green cabbage rolls are also an indispensable dish - a very "hot" dish for "aficionados" of sourness. The fruit must be green, succulent, and the powdery layer should be just white. Cabbage leaves are neither old nor young. This dish is dipped in Cham Xo - a legendary spice in the Northwest.


Muong Nhe Nature Reserve



Muong Nhe Nature Reserve in Dien Bien is considered a large nature reserve in Vietnam, with high biodiversity and rich forest ecosystem, becoming an attractive tourist destination to explore nature. guide. The area of ​​Muong Nhe Nature Reserve accounts for about 45,581 hectares, of which strict protection zones are 25,679.08 hectares, ecological restoration is 19,888.42 hectares, and administrative services are 32.8 hectares. The buffer zone spans 124,381 hectares, and is home to a number of highland ethnic groups such as the Ha Nhi, Kho Mu, Mong... with rich cultural identities. Characterized by a tropical monsoon climate with features of a tropical high mountain climate, Muong Nhe Nature Reserve in Dien Bien province has two distinct seasons (rainy season from April to October, dry season from November to March of the following year). The river and stream system flows on a relatively complex and steeply sloping terrain, with two main river and stream systems (Nam Ma hydrosystem and Nam Nhe hydrosystem) being the headwaters of Song Da. In the Muong Nhe conservation area, there are many primeval forests such as lowland evergreen forests, low mountain evergreen forests, high mountain evergreen forests and bamboo forests that are being preserved intact... The forest flora of Muong Nhe Muong Nhe conservation area is quite diverse, distributed across many different habitats, creating forest types with typical advantages such as: Oak, Chestnut, Gioi, Re, Thich, Po Mu, Thong Nang; Up to now, 740 plant species have been counted, including 35 rare plant species, 29 species listed in the Vietnam Red Book and the World Red Book. Muong Nhe Nature Reserve is also home to many rare animal species. Through survey statistics, there are 291 animal species, including 55 endemic animal species, 45 species are listed in the Vietnam Red Book such as: Sun bear, sun bear, silver-cheeked gibbon, gray langur, monkeys, and peacocks. , Hornbills, Pythons, Otter species... When traveling to Muong Nhe nature reserve, you will have the opportunity to immerse yourself in pristine nature, challenge yourself through wading streams, trekking through forests, Climbing passes, climbing mountains... Then from above, you can see the beautiful panorama like a vivid painting. Mixed in with the green of the forest trees, the bright yellow of chrysanthemums, the reddish yellow of unpaved dirt roads, are stilt houses and thatched houses of different sizes scattered across the street. along the roadside, along the stream and even among the dense trees. Looming in the distance are undulating, wavy mountains, one after another racing under the sun... In addition, from the Muong Nhe conservation area, go to conquer the 0 mark A Pa Chai - the westernmost place of the ancestors. The country is chosen by many tourists. If the opportunity is right, you can also attend the A Pa Chai border gate market open on the 3rd, 13th, 23rd of every month.


Tham Pua Cave



For many people in the North in particular and Vietnam in general, Tham Pua Cave is an important place. It was the first location of the Tran Dinh campaign, another name for the Dien Bien Phu campaign, due to the great General Vo Nguyen Giap commanded. The cave is located at the foot of Pu Hong Cay limestone mountain, in Po village, Chieng Dong commune, Tuan Giao district, Dien Bien province. Today Tham Pua cave is a beautiful cave. Outside the cave is a beach over 100m2 wide, the cave entrance is high and has many stalactites. When the light shines along with the light refraction of the Nam Hua stream water, visitors will see a shimmering and magical scene. The average width of the cave is about 3 meters, but in some places it is up to tens of meters wide. The length is hundreds of meters and has many herringbone niches with interconnected doors. In front of the cave there are 2 ancient crocodile trees and beautiful green primeval forest. At the foot of the Pu Kien mountain range is a field with cool spring water. Since ancient times, Chieng Sinh commune has been inhabited by two ethnic groups, Thai and Mong; But in recent years, more Kinh people have lived together. During the Dien Bien Phu campaign in 1954, along with Tham Poong Han cave, Tham Pua cave was also the headquarters of the military headquarters of which General Vo Nguyen Giap was both Party Secretary and General. commander of the campaign, stopped to rest. After the country was unified, Tham Pua cave became a tourist destination, helping young people remember the glorious victories that their ancestors created. When you come to Tham Pua cave, you will be attracted by its wild beauty. Local authorities and local businesses have built an infrastructure system to serve the travel and sightseeing of tourists from far away places.


Muong Tinh Cave



But many people still do not know about a revolutionary base that has greatly contributed to the nation's glorious historical victory, Muong Tinh cave located in Trong village, Xa Dung commune, Dien Bien Dong district. Here, in the years 1945-1954, many important revolutionary events took place that contributed to the victory of Dien Bien Phu. After nearly 60 years, experiencing many changes and changes, Muong Tinh cave still retains its historical values ​​marking the heroic years of the past. Coming here, visitors can return to history, relive the events of the nation, of the people who shared hardships, climbed passes, waded through streams and forests to guide officers, and secretly operated deep into the forest. enemy heart. Here, Lai Chau Party Committee was established and turned this place into a revolutionary base to develop the movement in Xa Dung commune as well as throughout Dien Bien Dong district. Muong Tinh Cave has witnessed the growth of the Party and the revolutionary movement in the district, and has become a historical evidence marking the solidarity and attachment of the people of Dien Bien Dong with the people of Lai Chau - Dien Bien in the common resistance war against the French of the entire nation. Many Party members have grown up since here and contributed to making a glorious history for the Vietnamese people. This is truly an ideal place to educate future generations of young people about patriotism, national pride and following in their father's footsteps to build and protect the country.


Pa Thom Cave



Dien Bien is often known for its heroic history and the white flowers that bloom every spring, but more than that, this place also possesses the wild beauty of the Northwest mountains and forests that are worth visiting. Come explore once in your life. Surrounded by a dense primeval forest, Pa Thom cave has a wild and mysterious beauty, and in particular, this scenic spot is also associated with a legend about the love of couples at the beginning of heaven and earth. primitive. With an altitude of 1500m above sea level, to reach Pa Thom cave, visitors have to go through a quite dangerous but also extremely interesting journey. From Dien Bien Phu city, go down to Dien Bien district along Highway 279 for about 10km. When you reach Ban Phu market, turn right to go to Noong Luong commune (Dien Bien district). Through the valleys with flowers and grass surrounding warm, friendly villages, visitors will reach the foot of the rocky mountain covered with dark old forests, misty clouds, full of wildness and mystery. Crossing Nam Rom stream by raft, you will begin a very interesting climbing journey. Up high with hazy clouds covering the whole space, if we look closely we can see the cave entrance hidden before our eyes. At this point, if you are a person who is not afraid of heights, try looking down at the foot of the mountain. Surely you will be surprised when you are standing in a field of white clouds under the shimmering sunlight of the Nam Rom River. winding, clear blue. With its unique and majestic beauty, Pa Thom cave has surprised and delighted visitors from the first time they set foot at the cave entrance. The cave entrance is more than 10m high and nearly 20m wide, highlighted by a giant five-stone elephant that was present here tens of thousands of years ago. Going deeper inside, visitors will be surprised to see a python about 20 meters long with shiny skin as if it had just crawled out from the bottom of a deep cave. To explore the full length of the cave, we must go through all 9 arches. Because this is a natural cave and has not been affected by human hands, visitors should not forget to bring lamps or candles to have the most authentic experiences at this interesting cave. Going through many dynamic spaces are countless natural stalactites with unique shapes and eye-catching colors. Somewhere far away, small stalactites and drops of water fall, creating a very strange and attractive sound. This also contributes to making the originally quiet cave more soulful than ever. Coming to Pa Thom cave, visitors will not only admire the beauty of a natural land but also have the opportunity to learn about a legendary couple that people here have passed down orally for more than a thousand years. The story goes that once upon a time, on an early spring day, there was a prince who was wandering through the Nam Nua stream when 7 strands of hair got stuck in his leg. He continued towards the water and came across a beach with 7 fairies sleeping soundly on top. The prince then placed his kiss on the seventh Fairy and whispered a marriage proposal to her. The story reached the ears of the king of heaven, he cooperated with this couple but with one condition that within 7 days and 7 nights the prince must buy enough bride price to thank heaven and earth. Unfortunately, in the final test, because of his triumph, he touched the fairy. Immediately after that, a loud earth-shattering explosion was heard, rocks fell and a strong wind swept the fairy away. The prince then panicked and had to fight a giant python lying guard at the cave entrance. When the python was cut into 3 pieces and the boy ran out, she flew back to the heavenly palace through a small path towards the sky. Too desperate for himself, the Prince turned back to the place where the two initially met, looked up at the mountains to the east and turned to stone. From then on, the cave where he fought with the giant python to meet the fairy is Pa Thom cave now. In addition to this word-of-mouth story, local people and authorities here discovered an ancient bronze drum and currently there are many vestiges of the ancients that archaeologists and residents here have not yet discovered. get out. From a land associated with legends that have existed for thousands of years, from a pristine, mysterious cave, Pa Thom cave is increasingly asserting its position in the country's tourism industry by possessing a large number of caves. Tourists come here every year. If you are also curious about this cave, don't hesitate any longer, pack your backpack and invite relatives and friends to explore this natural land.


Xa Nhe Cave



The scenic relic of Xa Nhe cave is located in Ban Bang De B, Sang Nhe commune, Tua Chua district, Dien Bien province. Located more than 1km from the center of Xa Nhe commune, Xa Nhe Cave existed millions of years ago at an altitude of over 1,500m above sea level, surrounded by dense primeval forest and unique biodiversity. typical of the Northwest region. In early March 2014, Xa Nhe cave was ranked as a national monument by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. Xa Nhe Cave is also called Ho Xo (meaning explosive cave) by local Mong people because in the past there were many bats in the cave, and local people often used bat droppings as raw materials to make explosives. From the tectonic movements of nature over millions of years, caves have been formed in the mountain ranges. Coming here, visitors can explore and experience the cave with a depth of 700m curved in an arc shape, the cave entrance is 5m wide, 17 - 18m high, the widest part of the cave is 20 - 25m wide, with many niches and many floors. , with its own beauty, most of the floor in the cave is soft soil, the cave is wide, high, and the ceiling is inhabited by many bats and birds. The further inside, the more splendid the cave is because of the lines and shapes created by stalactites and stalagmites. Although they are all natural sculptures made from stone, the beauty of each cave chamber is not the same, creating viewers find it interesting and stimulate their curiosity and passion for discovery. The cave is divided into 5 compartments, with shapes resembling people and animals such as: toads, crocodiles, shark jaws, dragons... on the ceiling of the cave, drooping stalactites sparkle with sometimes soft lines. Flexible like a waterfall, sometimes sharp like sea coral. The stalactites in the cave are like flowing waterfalls with countless sparkling crystalline particles. Below the cave floor are forests of stalagmites and stalactites of various shapes and sizes with many strange shapes. Due to the fragmented terrain of the limestone mountain and the stalactites formed by the process of rainwater seeping into the limestone mountain walls containing calcium, the steam evaporates, leaving behind a layer of calcium that has been deposited for a long time and stalactites grow. , stone pillars, stalagmites, stone pillars sparkling with calcium crystals, also known as weathered limestone crystals, have created the typical landscape of the cave. There are also countless stalactites hanging down from the ceiling of the cave in layers and layers, images of small fish ponds, terraced fields... the background of the cave is the image of terraced fields cascading in layers and layers, especially the Dark gray hibiscus and snail statues arranged together into small, dense blocks; Many compartments in the cave are like checkerboard boxes, surrounding the pyramid-shaped white stalactites arranged together like ancient castles... All 5 cave compartments with their charming beauty create strong impressions and emotions for people. contemplate. Visitors standing in the cave feel like they are standing in the middle of an ancient castle, with massive, majestic architecture but no less romantic and poetic. Besides its value in terms of scientific research (geology, minerals, archeology...), Xa Nhe cave also contains tourism potential. The space and natural scenery around the cave still retain its wild beauty, rich flora and fauna with primeval forests, an attractive place for tourists to explore, research and experience.


Independence Hill



The Battle of Independence Hill was a battle that took place at the hill of the same name during phase 1 of the Dien Bien Phu Campaign. This is the second battle of the campaign, taking place from the night of March 14 to the early morning of March 15. After the attack, the Vietnam People's Army completely controlled the hill, repelled the French counterattack, thereby almost collapsing the northern section of the Dien Bien Phu stronghold. Doc Lap Hill, located in the northeast of the basin of Dien Bien district, belongs to Thanh Nua commune. Previously, Doc Lap Hill was an important stronghold (which the French colonialists named Gabrielle, the name of a beautiful French girl) belonging to the Dien Bien Phu stronghold group of France in the past. With the task of covering the northeast, to prevent the attack of our troops from Lai Chau and protect Muong Thanh airport; Here, the French army deployed many powerful firepower and elite soldier battalions that had fought and were undefeated in many places around the world. Independence Fort was declared by the French colonialists as one of the impregnable fortresses. Mr. Quang Van Ky, 97 years old, Thai ethnic group, Na Ten village, Thanh Nua commune, said: Before the French colonialists occupied Doc Lap Hill, this place was a lush green forest, with many large trees 40-50cm in diameter. Every year, people in the villages of Man, Na Nom, Na Ten slaughter buffaloes, pigs, chickens... and bring them here to worship the village and worship the village (Xen Ban, Xen Muong) according to ethnic customs, praying for rain. Favorable weather, good winds, good crops, healthy villagers, good business... When the French occupied, the French army destroyed the forests on Doc Lap Hill to use wood to build camps, fortifications, and blockhouses, but there wasn't enough. raw materials, French soldiers entered nearby villages and destroyed people's houses to get wood. Not only that, they also forced people from the villages around Doc Lap base to live in Mo village (Thanh Nua commune) a few kilometers away, because they were afraid that the people would hide the Viet Minh. On March 15, 1954, soldiers of Divisions 312 and 308 of the Vietnam People's Army defeated and liberated Doc Lap base. When the historic Dien Bien Phu campaign ended, Doc Lap base was a ruined battlefield, the ground was plowed by bombs, trenches and trenches were crisscrossed, barbed wire, bullet casings, and artillery were strewn. , bombs, mines. In later years, this place was managed by the State as a point in the historical complex of Dien Bien Phu Victory.' Not far from the foot of Doc Lap base hill are the villages: Men, Na Nom, Tong Khao, Na Ten... of the Thai people, due to the influence of the old regime, left most of the people poor and illiterate. Single-crop rice production, low productivity, cattle and poultry kept under the floor, superstitions... Peace was restored, the people of the villages around Doc Lap base in particular, in the Dien Bien basin region said unite, restore and heal the wounds of war, and compete to develop production. With the support of the State, schools, medical stations, Nam Rom irrigation works... were built to serve people's lives. Outdated customs and social evils were eliminated, and the people's new life was revived and gradually improved on the same land plowed by bombs and bullets in the past. At the foot of the old Doc Lap stronghold hill is now the upper village, the lower village is rich and prosperous. Children go to school, the village is brightly lit with electric lights at night. Schools at all levels, medical stations, cultural post offices, commune People's Committee headquarters, people's houses... spacious and tiled buildings have sprung up. Poverty and backwardness in the past have been repelled, now there are cultural villages, everyone is prosperous, many households are rising to wealth. This year's ruined battlefield is now a lush 2-3 crop field with bumper golden harvests. Rice grains here have become a specialty flying far and wide throughout the provinces and cities in the country. New life, new vitality has returned to the ancient historical land. Doc Lap Base, a place to preserve the historical and cultural values ​​of the great resistance war, reminds future generations to promote the heroic tradition of Dien Bien Phu and build a rich and beautiful homeland. This place has become a tourist destination for domestic and international tourists.


Hill C1



C1 Hill base is one of the eastern high points in the central division. An effective shielding screen forms the main defensive direction to prevent the enemy from attacking from the East and Northeast from attacking the Xi'an center. Dien Bien Phu stronghold and Muong Thanh airport - the trump card of the French Colonialists. On the Vietnam People's Army side, Battalion 215, Regiment 98, Division 316, directly commanded by regimental commander Vu Lang, was assigned the task of attacking and destroying stronghold C1. C1 Hill base has an important strategic position. Capturing this base for the Vietnam People's Army is a stepping stone to create favorable conditions for entering bases C2 and A1, a dangerous threat to the French army in the Eastern high range. Therefore, both the Vietnam People's Army and the French army made efforts to consolidate their foothold on this hill. After 12 fierce and tense counterattacks, the Vietnamese Army and the French army fought for every inch of land, every gun emplacement, and every section of trench but were unable to win or lose. At 5:00 p.m. on March 30, 1954, the Vietnam People's Army launched a second attack on the Dien Bien Phu base group. The artillery of the Vietnam People's Army continuously fired at the bases of the eastern hills, including C1 hill. Battalion 215, Regiment 98, Group 316 quickly approached the target, used torpedo bullets, and after 5 minutes cleared the door and opened it through 7 layers of barbed wire fence. At the battle, comrade Vu Lang - Regiment Commander of Regiment 98 called to request the artillery to stop firing. Taking advantage of the opportunity, the French army's firepower was paralyzed. Battalion Commander, Battalion 215 - Bui Huu Quan ordered the infantry. assault troops. To organize an effective attack, company leader Le Van Di had the initiative to dig a 20m long underground trench from the Vietnam People's Army battlefield straight towards the French flagpole. From this underground tunnel, we invaded blockhouse number 3. From blockhouse number 3, we dug a fortification and threw grenades at the French army. With just a quick assault, after 10 minutes Company 38 captured the blockhouse on the top of the hill, Platoon Leader Nguyen Thien Cai planted the flag "Determined to fight, determined to win" on the tip of the flagpole. The battle lasted 45 minutes, the Vietnam People's Army destroyed and captured the entire company of 140 French soldiers belonging to the 1st Battalion, 4th Moroccan Infantry Regiment, temporarily taking control of the base. C1. At the headquarters, regiment commander Vu Lang called to request company commander Le Van Di to have his force fall back 200m to the foot of the hill, leaving only one reserve platoon for Vietnamese artillery on Hill D to fire at the battlefield. of the French army before the 811th Company attacked. After consideration, comrade Le Van Di ordered a reserve platoon to retreat 200m back, the rest of the unit remained firmly attached to the battlefield, on the grounds that Vietnam's battlefield was solidly built and strong enough to endure. destructive power of artillery shells. If you retreat too far, you will miss the opportunity to fight, there will no longer be the element of surprise, moreover, the French artillery at Hong Cum will have enough time to intercept and will certainly cause casualties to the Vietnamese army, and at the same time France in C1 has enough time to consolidate to fight back. By the night of May 1, 1954, after 32 days and nights of defensive fighting on base C1, Regiment 98 of the 316th Army had complete control of high point C1, creating conditions for friendly units to attack and destroy. the remaining strongholds of the eastern wall. Thanks to comrade Le Van Di's bold and wise decisions, he contributed to the victory at C1 Hill base, opening the door to the Dien Bien Phu base group center. C1 Hill Relic is one of the component relics of the Special National Monument of Dien Bien Phu Battlefield, one of the heroic proofs of the great victory of the Vietnamese army and people in the resistance war against Vietnam. French. The victory at the C1 hill relic along with the victories in the eastern hills of the second attack were the premise leading to the victory of Dien Bien Phu on May 7, 1954. After more than 66 years, the C1 Hill relic remains a resounding testament to the triumph of the heroic Vietnamese army and people.


Ban Man community tourism



Nestled between vast mountains and fields, Men village (Thanh Nua commune, Dien Bien district, Dien Bien province) is known as an attractive community tourism destination, attracting many domestic and international tourists. . From City. Dien Bien Phu, following Highway 12 about 6km north, visitors will arrive at Man village. Seen from a distance, Man village is as beautiful as a painting with its back leaning against the mountain and its face facing a vast field. Standing out against the green background of trees and sky are the traditional stilt houses of the Black Thai people. Not only attracting tourists with its beautiful scenery, Man village also has fresh, cool air and a green, clean and beautiful environment. The village has more than 110 households with more than 500 people, all of whom are Black Thai people. The Black Thai people here live by growing rice, crops, raising livestock and weaving and embroidering traditional brocade. In recent years, villagers have joined hands to develop community tourism associated with building a civilized lifestyle, eating cleanly, living cleanly, and drinking cleanly. Thanks to following the right direction in developing sustainable community tourism, Man village has not only become a tourist destination attracting many domestic and foreign tourists but also preserved and promoted traditional cultural identity, in There is brocade weaving and embroidery. Previously, women in the village wove and embroidered brocade only for family use, but now they also serve the needs of tourists. The village's brocade products are often cloths, pieu scarves or bags with the embroidered words "Commemorative Men Brocade" to promote the village's unique cultural features to tourists. Along with weaving and brocade embroidery, the Black Thai people here still preserve traditional stilt house architecture..., forming their own customs in daily life as well as daily production labor. Stilt houses are often built with their backs against hills and mountains; The side facing the river, stream or field follows the principle of "mountains and water gathering". The house is made of good wood, bamboo, or bamboo, and has four tiled roofs, of which the two roofs at both gables are arched with turtle shell arches. In particular, at both ends of the roof beams there are two wooden bars crossed in an The black Thai people worship the moon god and buffalo. The stilt house has two floors. The upper floor is for the host family's activities and receiving guests, the lower floor is where looms, agricultural tools, wood, firewood are kept... To ensure the stilt house meets standards to serve tourists and residents. The village has invested in building a number of new projects such as toilets, water tanks and a cultural stilt house with the same architecture as a traditional stilt house to serve community activities. In addition, to impress tourists, Man village also set up a culinary team of 10 people with experience in culinary processing and an entertainment team of 15 people with good, inspiring voices and beautiful dances. Coming to Man village, in addition to the opportunity to admire the typical natural scenery of the Northwest region, visitors also have the opportunity to experience daily activities with the villagers such as: preparing traditional culinary dishes (can wine, rice Lam, grilled stream fish, bitter bamboo shoots, boiled buffalo meat with cham cham cross); taking care of livestock and poultry; go to the forest to collect firewood; go down to the stream to catch fish; weave, embroider brocade or participate in cultural activities (singing Thai folk songs, Xoe dancing, fan dancing, bamboo dancing, playing the pi p pap, pi o flute). With unremitting efforts, Man village has continuously achieved the title of provincial-level cultural village, and is also an attractive community tourism destination for domestic and international tourists, worthy of being a typical community tourism village in the world. economic development and building cultural life of Dien Bien province.


Quy Nhon beach

Quy Nhon beach is located right in the center of Quy Nhon city, very convenient for you to visit and swim when you just need to walk a little to get to the beach. Quy Nhon beach is very long, curves in a semicircle, is a golden sand beach with quite clear and blue water.

Located in the Southeast of Binh Dinh province, Quy Nhon beach curves in an arc shape with a gentle sand beach stretching 5km from Tan cape to Ghenh Rang. In particular, tourists should not miss the opportunity to explore Quy Nhon at night. Quy Nhon becomes more beautiful and peaceful at night. The beach or beachside cafes will be ideal places for you to rest. Relax and watch the night sea dotted with sparkling fishing lights offshore.


Cam Ranh Bay

From Nha Trang city, follow Highway 1 for more than 40 km, reach the junction, turn east, cross the magnificent Long Ho bridge across Thuy Trieu lagoon to reach Cam Ranh.




Ta Gu Waterfall

Ta Gu is a small waterfall located in Son Hiep commune, Khanh Son district, Khanh Hoa province. It is a meeting point for many young people who come to have fun, relax as well as organize camping.




Stream Orchid

Suoi Hoa Lan eco-tourism area is a famous tourist destination not to be missed when tourists visit Nha Trang. Coming to Suoi Hoa Lan tourist area, visitors will enjoy the poetic beauty that nature has bestowed on this place.




Ba Ho Stream

Ba Ho Stream is 25km north of Nha Trang, originating from Hon Son peak, over 660m high, flowing between two rocky mountain slopes down to the fields of Phu Huu village, Ninh Ich commune and then pouring into Nha Phu lagoon.




Phu Vinh ancient village

Location: Phu Vinh ancient village in Vinh Thanh commune, Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Phu Vinh ancient village has a history of over 200 years and still retains in its heart many ancient houses, with bold Central features.




Duc Thanh School relic site

Duc Thanh school relic site is located at 39 Trung Nhi, Duc Nghia ward, Phan Thiet City. The school was built in 1907 (built the same year as Dong Kinh Nghia Thuc school), the meaning of the name Duc Thanh school is "Educating the generation of youth to awaken national consciousness", now the school is considered The progressive school is famous everywhere. In 1910, on his way out to find a way to save the country, young patriot Nguyen Tat Thanh stopped and taught at this school. Teacher Thanh left behind feelings of love and attachment from his colleagues, students and people of Binh Thuan during the days he taught here.




Phan Thiet water tower

Phan Thiet Water Tower was designed by architect Prince Souphanuovong (later President of the Lao People's Democratic Republic).

Phan Thiet water tower was built in 1928, and completed and put into use in 1934 to provide domestic water for the French Legation and the people of Phan Thiet city. The building is built of concrete and brick, 32m high and divided into 3 parts. The lower part of the tower is an octagonal cylindrical structure 22m high, with a base diameter of 10m. The castle (water tank) is octagonal, 5m high, 9m in diameter, decorated with pieces of porcelain assembled in a circular pattern running around the water tower. The roof of the tower has 3 octagonal roofs covered with hooked tiles. The tower is built in an octagonal cylindrical shape, 32m high, with a capacity of about 400 m3 of water. The unique architectural feature is shown through the decorative pattern of the word Trien running along the edges of the Tower's body from top to bottom, including 5 words: Hy, Phuc, Tho, Kiet, Loc with the meaning of wishing joy, happiness, longevity, prosperity and prosperity. Water towers have long been a source of inspiration for many writers, poets, photographers and artists. With an age of more than 70 years, Phan Thiet Water Tower still stands proudly and elegantly on the banks of the Ca Ty River, creating a poetic beauty for the coastal city of Phan Thiet, witnessing many changes in this beautiful city.


Ganh Son

In addition to the beautiful and charming city of Phan Thiet, Binh Thuan has many other attractive tourist destinations that attract tourists. If one day you want to wander and explore the beauty of this land, visit Ganh Son - a destination 80 km from Phan Thiet city center.




Mui Ne flying sand dunes

Mui Ne Sand Dunes is located in Quarter 5, Mui Ne Ward, Phan Thiet City. This is one of the sandbanks that stretches for many kilometers, spreading over an uncertain area with a large overall.




Thay Thim Palace

Thay Thim Palace has existed for 138 years, built on December 25, the 32nd year of Tu Duc's reign (1879 - 2017), located in the middle of a quiet oil forest on the white sand area now in Tam Tan village, Tan Tien Thi commune. La Gi commune, about 12km northwest of the town center.




White intercession

According to the local language, Bau means "lake", and around the lake there are many white sand dunes, so it is called Bau Trang.




My Khe beach

My Khe beach is 15km east-northeast of the center of Quang Ngai province, located in the middle of a beautiful coastal strip from the south of Cua Dai with Co Luy village to Ba Lang An in the north with natural beauty such as An Hai Sa. table, stone pipe, Sa Ky seaport.




Thach Ky smokes a pipe

16km northeast of Quang Ngai city center, Thach Ky Dieu Tau rapids (An Vinh village, Tinh Ky commune) is one of 12 famous landscapes of Quang Ngai province, with unique beauty and many wonders. animal. This place is likened to a stone art installation, a natural masterpiece with traces of the activity of the volcanic system and the process of ocean advance and retreat millions of years ago...




Hang Cau

Cau Cave belongs to An Hai commune of Ly Son island district, at the foot of Thoi Loi mountain, adjacent to Hang Pagoda, extending east along the sea edge and the cave was formed by seawater penetrating deep into the foot of Thoi Loi mountain.




Ganh Yen

About 35 km north of Quang Ngai city center, Ganh Yen scenic spot is located next to the fishing village of Thanh Thuy village, Binh Hai commune, Binh Son district (Quang Ngai). This landscape still retains its wild and majestic features.




Mo Cay Victory Monument

Mo Cay Victory Site Relic is located in village 1, Duc Chanh commune, Mo Duc district, about 15 km south of the center of Quang Ngai province, 6 km north of Mo Duc district capital.




Quang Ngai Provincial General Museum

Quang Ngai Museum was established in 1989 on the basis of separation from Nghia Binh Museum. At that time, the Museum Warehouse only owned more than 200 artifacts and the Museum also received additional artifacts from two additional galleries, Son My Relics and Ba To Museum, transferred from Nghia Binh Museum.




Sa Huynh Beach

Location: The beach is located close to National Highway 1A, at kilometer 985, in Pho Thanh, Duc Pho district, Quang Ngai province. Characteristics: The beach is very convenient for tourists to rest and visit. There is a motel for tourists to stop and rest before continuing their journey.




Son My historical site

Location: Son My historical site is located in Tinh Khe commune, Son Tinh district, Quang Ngai province. Characteristics: Son My is the place where the barbaric crimes of American imperialism against the Vietnamese people were recorded. On March 16, 1968, American soldiers killed hundreds of innocent civilians here in a destructive operation.




Ly Son Island

Location: located in the Northeast of Quang Ngai province, 15 nautical miles (about 24km) from the mainland. Characteristics: holds a strategic position in the East Sea of ​​Vietnam, containing tourism potential and valuable documents about Hoang Sa.




Eo Gio scenic spot

Eo Gio belongs to area 3, Ly Luong village, Nhon Ly island commune, Quy Nhon city, Binh Dinh province. It is a beautiful, blue, arc-shaped strait surrounded by high, curved rocky mountains. I don't know when or because of the admiration for the beautiful scenery of photographers and tourists when visiting here, but the place Eo Gio - has been "awarded" as the place with the most beautiful sunset in Vietnam. Male.




Dam Thi Nai

Located 8km northeast of Quy Nhon city, Thi Nai lagoon is the largest lagoon in Binh Dinh with a rich ecosystem with many types of precious flora and fauna and many beautiful landscapes that attract tourists.




Con Chim ecological area

Located far from the city. Quy Nhon is about 15km away, in Phuoc Son, Phuoc Hoa, Phuoc Thuan communes - Tuy Phuoc district. Con Chim ecological area is like an "oasis" nestled among four green surfaces - blue water, blue sky and green mangrove forests. On days when the wind is calm and the sea is calm, when having the opportunity to sail on Thi Nai lagoon, visitors will be immersed in the fresh air along with the beautiful and charming natural scenery, the "green lung" of Quy city. Nhon, the name is quite familiar and attractive to tourists when coming to Binh Dinh.

Con Chim ecological area is 480 hectares wide, located in the middle of a vast lagoon among mangrove forests. Below the water surface are diverse and rich aquatic resources, with high-value aquatic species such as shrimp, crabs, mu fish, red snapper, rabbitfish, mullet, molluscs, etc. Seagrass ecosystems are increasingly being restored and developed. Above the mangrove forest canopy is home to populations of endemic birds, storks and seasonal migratory birds... In the late afternoons, flocks of storks flock to the sky, and on full moon nights, Submerged in lush green mangrove forests, Con Chim is as magical as a fairyland. From Con Chim ecological area, visitors can easily move to other tourist destinations in the surrounding area, such as Lang Song Minor Seminary, Linh Phong Pagoda, Hon Kho Island... From Quy Nhon city, Less than an hour by car, or just about 30 minutes by car and via a ferry, visitors will arrive at Con Chim Ecological Area. This place will bring visitors moments of living with nature or interesting experiences about the traditional occupations of fishermen in the lagoon.


General Museum

Binh Dinh General Museum is located in Quy Nhon City Center, at 26 Nguyen Hue. This place displays over 1,000 documents and artifacts, giving visitors both a general and specific view of the country and people of Binh Dinh through historical periods. In particular, with hundreds of artifacts about the unique Champa culture being kept here, the Museum is said to be the place to display and store the most Champa artifacts in our country, including other ancient texts from around the world. The rock is full of mysteries that many researchers have yet to find a complete answer to.

The museum was built in 1980, with an area of ​​3,960 square meters divided into 3 main areas: the exhibition area with an area of ​​2,000 square meters, the administrative block and the souvenir block. The indoor exhibition area includes 5 rooms with 5 main themes: "Country and people" room with 241 artifacts, "Resistance against the French" room with 122 artifacts, "Resistance against the US" room with 233 artifacts, "Cham culture" room with 173 artifacts, "Uncle Ho with Binh Dinh - Binh Dinh with Uncle Ho" room with 185 artifacts. In addition to the indoor display booths, the artifacts displayed outside the campus and garden have created an impressive and attractive point for visitors when visiting the General Museum. With an open space design, it does not go into specific, clear themes or artifacts, but only suggestive pieces about the types of architecture and fine art sculpture of Binh Dinh, typically the works of art. Great Champa sculptures, statues of Binh Dinh celebrities, modern fine art statues, folk games, traditional craft villages, traditional beliefs,... will help visitors have an overview of Binh Dinh culture. Dinh.


Mang Lang Church

Mang Lang Church is located in An Thach commune, Tuy An district, 35 km north of Tuy Hoa city center.




Quang Duc Xua exhibition space

Located right on Highway 1, at the beginning of the road to Mang Lang church and Da Dia reef, the Quang Duc Xua cultural and tourist space includes three ancient houses and an airy orchard, displaying nearly 100 stone mills and mortars. Coat, stone coffee; old agricultural tools...




Mai Nha Lao Island

Mai Nha island in Phuoc Dong village, An Hai commune, Tuy An district, Phu Yen province, is a small island lying alone in the middle of the sea, more than 4km from O Loan Lagoon, 27km north of Tuy Hoa city, there is also Another name is Cu Lao Mai Nha.




Hon Chua

Hon Chua belongs to An Phu commune, City. Tuy Hoa, about 8 km north of the city center along the coastal road. Visitors can depart from Long Thuy beach, about 10 minutes by boat to Hon Chua.




Phu Yen Museum

Phu Yen Museum is located at 151 Tran Phu, Ward 5, City. Tuy Hoa, is one of the typical cultural works of Phu Yen. The museum has a total area of ​​3 hectares, inside the museum is currently displaying tens of thousands of antiques and artifacts that meet national standards. With that attraction, Phu Yen museum is gradually becoming a notable tourist destination for many tourists.




Da Bia Mountain

Da Bia Mountain (also known as Thach Bi Son) is 706m high, towering majestically in the north of Deo Ca range. At the top of the mountain is a giant rock 76m high, with a strange shape. Early in the morning or late in the afternoon, there are often white clouds covering the surrounding area, sometimes hidden and sometimes visible.




An Hoa Sheep Field

An Hoa sheep field is located in An Hoa village, Xuan Hai commune, Ninh Hai district, Ninh Thuan province. Located about 16km northwest of Phan Rang - Thap Cham city center, heading to National Highway 1A to Nha Trang. This is one of the largest places for raising and releasing sheep freely in Ninh Thuan province.




Red Island

Hon Do is a fossil coral complex located in My Hiep village, Thanh Hai commune, Ninh Hai district, Ninh Thuan province, about 17 km from Phan Rang - Thap Cham city center, on the famous coastal route. Vietnam, with places that surely everyone who loves backpacking knows about.




Ba Moi vineyard

When mentioning Ninh Thuan, many people will immediately think of ripe vineyards. In this sunny and windy land, it is not too difficult for you to find a vineyard to visit. However, the most famous is probably Ba Moi vineyard.

About 7km from Phan Rang city center. Ba Moi vineyard is one of the famous ecological locations in Ninh Thuan. This place is considered one of the first vineyards in the grape growing village in Phan Rang. Ba Moi vineyard is a vineyard belonging to farmer Nguyen Van Moi, with an area of ​​about 15,000 m2, where grapes are grown and supplied mainly to the markets of Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City; At the same time, it is also an ecotourism destination that is always open to welcome visitors and is a place for research and study for agricultural students. Ba Moi vineyard has up to 13 types of grapes, including 9 types of fresh fruit grapes (including 4 red grape varieties, 3 green grape varieties, Italia and Blackqueen varieties) and 4 types of grapes used to make wine (including Cabernet Sauvignon grapes). , Chenin Blanc, Syrah and Syrah 1). Coming to the vineyard during the harvest season, visitors can also see the unique colors of grapes such as black, red, pink purple and even bunches of green grapes on the trellis.


Tuan Tu white sand dunes

Located in Tuan Tu village, An Hai commune, Ninh Phuoc district, but with a completely different beauty from Nam Cuong red sand dunes, Tuan Tu white sand dunes.

This sand dune consists of fine white sand hills that follow each other to form a wavy sand valley with many strange shapes. The beauty of the sand dunes is enhanced by the blue sea, straight rows of poplars or strong cactus bushes... Tuan Tu white sand dunes attract more and more tourists.


Chongshan Ancient Temple

As the first pagoda in Ninh Thuan and most known to tourists inside and outside the province, Trung Son Co Tu is gradually becoming an important and indispensable element in journeys to enjoy beautiful scenery. With the beauty and magnificence of a unique architectural work, Trung Son Co Tu is considered a symbol of spiritual beliefs in modern times.

In particular, with its location on the top of Da Chong mountain, about 60m above sea level, Trung Son pagoda is even more attractive as it accidentally becomes an elevated observatory of Ninh Hai district. Trung Son Co Tu is a pagoda following the Northern sect of Master Dat Ma of the Lam Te main sect. A sect that was very popular from the Central region outward when Buddhism began to be introduced to Vietnam. Pagoda architecture is generally constructed according to ancient ethnic pagoda architecture mixed with some modern elements to suit the times. In front of the front hall, images such as: majestic Dragon, curved boat-shaped roof, Dragon and Unicorn images flanking the Moon and the wheel of reincarnation... All are a harmonious arrangement, however the pagoda's sections are not the same. follow a certain logic. Due to the construction in mountainous terrain, it is difficult to distinguish between the front hall, the main hall, the main hall, the three-entrance gate or the ancestral church. That's why the overall pagoda project not only creates vividness with a unique architectural motif, but also creates complexity when identified.


Po Klong Garai Tower

On the North-South railway route, located close to Highway 27A to Da Lat, 07 km west of Phan Rang - Thap Cham center is the Cham tower complex located entirely on a hill called Trau Hill, in the Cham Towers area. Street 8, Do Vinh ward. This is a cluster of towers built in the 13th century to worship the Cham king who ruled Panduranga (present-day Ninh Thuan); His name was Po Klong Garai (1151 - 1205); Currently, the tower cluster remains intact in terms of both architecture and the organization of worship and worship of the Cham people.

Po Klong Garai Tower is a complex of 3 towers: the main tower worshiping the statue of King Po Klong Garai, the gate tower in the east and the Fire God tower slanted to the south with a boat-shaped roof. The tower complex is surrounded by a perpendicular wall on the East and South sides. This is a worship work that has artistic architectural value and the sculpting and construction of reliefs such as Lord Siva, statue of Divine Bull Nandin, statue of king... reach perfection. That's why the building was ranked by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a National Historical and Cultural Monument in 1979. The main tower is 20m50 high, has many floors, the upper floor is a miniature repetition of the lower floor until the top is a Sharp stone pillar, symbolized by a Linga. At the ascending corners of the tower are small square mounds, the corners are mounted with stone animal statues and fire shapes made of baked bricks. The tower includes a main door facing the East, above the door is a dome, supported by 2 large stone pillars, the stone pillar face is engraved with ancient Cham characters, above the door is a relief of the dancing god Siva, with 6 arms; The remaining three doors in the 3 directions South, North, West are fake doors, the pillars are covered with convex bricks, and on each fake door there is a statue of a god in a meditation posture. From the entrance, on the left there is a stone statue of the sacred cow Nandin, head facing into the tower. Inside the tower, there is a Yoni with a side length of 1m47, a horizontal side of 0m94. On top of the Yoni is a round Linga, above the Linga pillar there is a portrait of King Po Klong Girai carved. Outside there is a hall connecting the courtyard for worship by one level. Straight to the East is the gate tower, 8m56 high, with 2 interconnected doors in the East - West direction, so it is called the gate tower. The tower was also built according to the principle of gradually increasing and decreasing. In the south between the above two towers is the tower worshiping the Fire God, 9m31 high. The tower has 3 interconnected doors facing East, North and South, only the south side is a window. The tower's function is for Brahmin monks and shamans to display sacrifices and keep the sacrificial fire, so the Cham people call it the Fire Tower. The special thing is that the tower structure has a roof shaped like a roof (shaped like a prong roof in the Central Highlands or a boat-shaped roof like the top of a bronze drum). Behind the main tower there is a shrine worshiping the statue of Queen Kut, whose name is To Ly in history. Outside the southern citadel of the tower complex there is a stone pillar (Linga) 2m20 high. Also located outside the northeastern citadel of the tower complex is a 3-sided banh u stone with ancient Cham words engraved on it. Every year, on the last day of June and the 1st of July according to the Cham calendar (around September and October of the solar calendar), on the day of the Kate festival, thousands of Cham people organize worship at the three towers of Po Klong Garagei, Po Rome, Po Inu Nugar temple solemnly. During this ceremony, Brahmin monks and a large number of people will carry out processions wearing King Po Klong Girai's costumes, worshiping King Po Rome and goddess Po Inu Nugar from the village 6 km away to the tower, and holding a bathing ceremony. statue, dress the king's statue. Also on the morning of July 1, a ritual dance and folk music performance was performed by the Cham people right in front of the tower to present to the king. At that time, around the tower were thousands of trays of offerings of fruit, cakes, chicken, goat meat, wine, and betel and areca from Cham family heads offering to the Holy Spirit, the king and queen... praying for peace. happiness, peace and security of the nation and people.


Dien Bien Phu campaign headquarters



Dien Bien TV - Dien Bien Phu campaign headquarters is hidden in the old forest at the foot of Pu Don mountain, nearly 40 km from Dien Bien Phu city. This is where General Vo Nguyen Giap often worked and rested during the Dien Bien Phu campaign, which achieved a "famous victory on five continents, shaking the earth". The Dien Bien Phu campaign command area was stationed in Muong Phang for 105 days from January 31, 1954 to May 15, 1954. With the arrangement of tunnels and camps into a continuous system, hidden in the jungle at the foot of Pu Don mountain, the important headquarters of the Dien Bien Phu campaign was guaranteed absolute safety... From the Department of Command This command, going higher, standing on the highest point, can observe the entire city of Dien Bien Phu, Muong Thanh valley and former strongholds of the French army such as Him Lam hill, Doc Lap hill, D1 hill. , hill C1, hill A1... The telephone switchboard tunnel helps the Campaign Command communicate with the infantry, engineering, artillery, anti-aircraft units in front and the warehouse units and stations of the General Command. supply department, military medical system, and civilian fire lines behind the front. This is a direct communication network between the Campaign Command and the Politburo of the Party Central Committee, Uncle Ho... From the tunnel across the mountain, connecting from the shack of General Vo Nguyen Giap to the shack of Major General Hoang Van Thai , to other places such as the workplace of the Chinese military advisory group, the working shack of the Head of the Campaign Information Department Hoang Dao Thuy... all still remain intact as traces of history... Next to The General's working and resting place is a shelter dug through the mountain. When the French army bombed heavily, the General worked and rested in this shelter. From the shack of General Vo Nguyen Giap to the shack of Chief of Staff Hoang Van Thai and the shack of military advisor Vi Quoc Thanh is a 69m long tunnel. The tunnel is 1.70m high, 1 to 3m wide, in the middle of the tunnel there is a meeting room with an area of ​​18m2 and 5 locations for communication equipment. Located 300m northeast of the campaign headquarters is where the military and civilians live. We solemnly held a military parade to celebrate the victory on May 13, 1954. In the Project to renovate the Dien Bien Phu Campaign Command Headquarters Relics, the Dien Bien Phu Relics Project Management Board implemented General Vo Nguyen Giap's idea of ​​planning a campus on the old military parade grounds and placing a cluster of monuments commemorating the 55th anniversary of the victory of Dien Bien Phu. Along with the Dien Bien Phu Campaign Command Relics, the Victory Monument cluster at Muong Phang Park is also a stop not to be missed when coming to the Dien Bien Phu Campaign Command Relics. Local people often call this place by the familiar name "Memorial Monument".


U Va Hot Springs



Surrounded by majestic green hills, U Va hot mineral springs will fascinate those who set foot here. Invested and exploited effectively, U Va hot spring tourist area brings a very comfortable and relaxing feeling to you when soaking in the warm water at this impressive tourist destination of Dien Bien. U Va hot spring is located in Noong Luong commune, Dien Bien district. This hot spring is located about 15km southwest of Dien Bien city. Has a total area of ​​about 73,000 square meters with natural hot mineral springs and an average temperature of about 75 to 85 degrees Celsius. It is a destination discovered by French colonialists in the 1950s. You can go to U hot mineral springs. And follow the following route, from the center of Dien Bien city, follow Ton Duc Thang - La Thanh - Tran Duy Hung and Ham Chui streets to DDCT08 in Me Tri, continue straight to DDCT08. Continue following DT446/TL446/Provincial Road 446/Provincial Road 446 to National Highway 6 in Mong Hoa. Going along Highway 6 and Highway 279 will reach Noong Het. You can ask for directions to Noong Luong-Pa Thom at Noong Luong. Coming here, you will easily reach this hot mineral spring. Coming to the UVa hot spring tourist area, you will enjoy, mingle with majestic nature and immerse yourself in the hot mineral water that nature bestows. Not only that, the natural landscape around this hot mineral spring is truly majestic, with undulating hills and green forests surrounding it, making anyone who comes here feel like they are lost on a deserted island. This place has been invested and exploited for the tourism and service industry of Dien Bien province, so you will be met with almost all experiences when coming to this U Va hot spring. In addition, you will also learn about the cultural values ​​and quintessence of the ancient cultural region of Muong Thanh land that has existed for thousands of years in the history of Dien Bien. The name U Va originates from the legend of the fairy lying on a beautiful cradle. With the name transliterated from the word "ú Vá", ú is translated as grandmother, while Vá means cradle. You will also hear about the legend of the seven fairies. Every afternoon, this fairy will go down to earth where there is a lake to bathe and then return to the hill, have fun and teach the Thai people how to grow strawberries. , raising silkworms, weaving,... You will also learn about the story related to the Hoa Cat rope. It represents the idea of ​​local people wishing to go to heaven after death. Expressing the connection between heaven and earth. In addition to soaking in hot water and admiring the cloudy sky and high mountains, you can also participate in games such as badminton, tennis, yachting, and enjoy Xoe dancing and folk singing. Thai and H'Mong ethnic groups perform. Coming to U Va Dien Bien hot springs, you will be immersed in the majestic natural space and hear about very interesting stories here.


Muong Thanh fields



The vast green Muong Thanh fields belong to Dien Bien Phu. This place is known as the largest field in the Northwest with oral folk sayings "Nhat Thanh, second Lo, third Than, fourth Tac". Not only is it a rich rice granary, the field is also the place where the glorious Dien Bien Phu victory took place, "famous throughout the five continents". Muong Thanh field is more than 25 km long and 5 to 6 km wide, creating a vast, vast, green landscape stretching to the horizon. This field stretching from Nghia Lo to Dien Bien is not only famous as the place where the "globally shaking" battle of Dien Bien Phu took place. Not only that, with the advantage of a large area and convenient intensive farming conditions, this is the place where fragrant pearl rice grains are born. Therefore, people often compare it to a giant rice warehouse. “Nhat Thanh” conquers nature lovers with its majestic scenery and rich beauty. The vast field seems to have no shore and is green all year round. Trees are like indomitable soldiers, standing steadfastly in line with heaven and earth. When he is heavy with grain again, he bows humbly. Somewhere in the midst of the Northwest mountains and forests is the familiar, beloved look of the simple, simple Vietnamese countryside without the need for flashy lights. But the special feature of Muong Thanh field is not only possible. In the midst of vast nature, this place exudes generosity and arrogance with endless mountains and forests covering all four sides. The weather in Muong Thanh is not very pleasant. There is quite a big difference in temperature during the day. But thanks to this chilly atmosphere and gentle sunlight, it makes tourists even more reluctant to leave. The best time to travel to Muong Thanh is the ripe rice season. Around September every year, this place is dyed a shiny yellow color, stretching as far as the eye can see. The road from Hanoi to Dien Bien has been completed. Therefore, visitors can easily catch a bus, or drive their own car to explore this vast and rich Northwest field. Traveling to Muong Thanh, you cannot miss Nam Rom River. The river stretches, curves softly, embracing the entire field, circling the alluvial valley. The yellow color of ripe rice and the jade green of the river create a beautiful picture here. On both sides of the river are rows of tall green shady trees. Appearing somewhere are clusters of bright red banana blossoms tilting their reflections under the clear water. Muong Thanh Bridge spanning Nam Rom River is also a beautiful tourist destination of "Nhat Thanh" field. The simple, simple bridge along with the river creates a lyrical scene. However, tourists should note that the bridge is only for pedestrians and two-wheeled vehicles. Every year, hundreds of groups of tourists come here not only to enjoy the magnificent and majestic scenery of nature but also to review the golden milestone in the history of fighting against American imperialism and French colonialism. Not only that, most of these natural attractions have no entrance fees or tickets. In addition to traveling to explore, you can also enjoy specialties in Dien Bien such as grilled sticky rice, streams, bamboo shoot soup or boiled cabbage... These seemingly familiar dishes have a very unique flavor. available in the Northwest region. Muong Thanh field is a "specialty" beauty of Dien Bien. Besides the famous "Nhat Thanh", Dien Bien is also famous for many other tourist attractions such as the peaks A1-C1-A1-E1, Phu citadel, command bunker or Dien Bien victory museum... These are all places bearing the mark of the nation's glorious history.


Travel to A Pa Chai



A Pa Chai is an ideal tourist destination of Dien Bien Phu. Being the westernmost point of the country, this place makes many people excited and eager to explore and experience. If you also want to explore the westernmost point, you must first learn carefully about this land. Let's explore with us what's interesting about A Pa Chai tourism through this article! This is the westernmost point of Vietnam - where milestone 0 divides the boundary between the three countries Vietnam - Laos - China, so it is also known as the border junction. This milestone was agreed upon by the three countries on June 27, 2005. Since then, this place has officially become a western landmark of Vietnam. The landmark is triangular in shape, located at an altitude of 1864m above sea level and is engraved in all 3 languages ​​of 3 countries. This landmark is made of granite, placed in the middle of a hexagon. The landmark is about 2 meters high, has 3 sides facing 3 directions of 3 countries and is engraved with the name and national emblem of each country. Dien Bien is probably most beautiful in late winter and early spring. At this time, chrysanthemums are showing off their bright yellow colors on the mountain slopes, filling the mountain and forest space with gold. This is also the time when Ha Nhi people are preparing to celebrate Tet. The best time to travel to A Pa Chai is from November to April of the following year (solar calendar). Because this is the dry season, travel will be more convenient. A Pa Chai is located in Sin Thau commune, Muong Nhe district, Dien Bien province. Visitors can choose from three main means of transportation: plane, car or motorbike. Currently, the Hanoi - Dien Bien route has been exploited by Vietnam Airlines. If tourists travel by car, they can catch a bus at My Dinh or Giap Bat bus station to get to Dien Bien. As for "backpackers", you can follow Highway 6 from Hanoi to Thuan Chau and then from Tuan Giao follow Highway 279 to Dien Bien. From here, tourists continue to move to Muong Ghe and to A Pa Chai border gate. This journey will take a lot of time and effort; Therefore, you must prepare carefully before starting. The journey to conquer the westernmost tip of the country has been made by many tourists with interesting and wonderful trips. From Dien Bien, visitors can follow the road through Muong Cha - Muong Nhe - Chung Chai - Border Station 405 - Ta Kho Khu - Border Station 317 to reach the westernmost point. The journey to conquer the westernmost point is relatively long and arduous. The terrain here is also mainly high mountains so there is no food service on the way. Therefore, visitors must prepare enough spare food for the journey. At the same time, you also need to prepare some medicines and medical equipment in case you are bitten by a snake or fall on the mountain. In addition, visitors also need to prepare a letter of introduction from the locality where they live or work to complete procedures to apply for permission from the Dien Bien Border Guard Command. At the same time, you must also remember to always carry your identification card with you. In Muong Nhe, there are two most attractive places to visit: pole number 0 and A Pa Chai market. In addition, visitors can also participate in exciting adventure activities such as skydiving, mountain climbing, swimming, cloud hunting... Each location, each land here has its own characteristics, worthy of visitors. discover. Tourists coming here will enjoy specialties and delicacies such as upland sticky rice, buffalo meat, grilled fish, rice cakes, bitter bamboo shoots... A Pa Chai also has many rustic and simple dishes with local restaurants. Delicious shops and restaurants that you can visit. If you have the opportunity to visit Dien Bien, don't miss these delicious dishes! The road to Dien Bien has a lot of gravel, dangerous steep cliffs, thorny forests... Therefore, you must have a strong will, a spirit that is not afraid of difficulties, dangers and hardships. . At the same time, before starting your journey, you should also carefully learn about the routes, motels, hotels, restaurants... here and map out a clear route. When preparing your belongings, you should only prepare the most necessary items for yourself and keep them in a lightweight backpack. You must also keep in mind the suggestions and information we provide above to be proactive in every situation. If you are looking for an exciting and sophisticated journey, what are you waiting for? Grab your backpack and start the journey to conquer A Pa Chai. Hope you will have the best experiences in this land.


Ta Sin Thang highland market



Let's Go Backpacking - Ta Sin Thang market opens on the day of the Rat and the day of the Horse every month according to the lunar calendar. Meeting every six days, this is a place to exchange and trade goods and agricultural products of ethnic minorities in 5 communes in the North of Tua Chua district (Sin Chai, Ta Sin Thang, Lao Sa Phinh, Trung Thu, Sinh Phinh ). The market is also a place that boldly displays the cultural colors of the highland ethnic groups in the region. Ta Sin Thang Market still retains many unique features of the highland market, with colorful ethnic costumes, and the products sold are mostly local agricultural products such as flowers. fruits, bamboo shoots, potatoes, cassava, rice, shiitake mushrooms, wood ear mushrooms, wild bamboo shoots, stream fish, pigs, chickens... In addition, there are also traditional brocade items, colored threads, dyes and other products. The product is made from very durable and beautiful woven fabric. There are also rows of shops selling colorful sticky rice typical of this land. Then the aroma of the boiling Thang Co pan always draws you to a corner of the market. Eating thang co without drinking Mong Pe wine is like being a pretty girl with no one to see. Mong Pe wine of ethnic people is distilled from corn grains fermented with forest leaves, so it is very fragrant and famous for its deliciousness. In addition to Mong Pe wine, goat meat and Shan Tuyet tea are also two famous specialties in Ta Sin Thang. In this land, there are currently nearly 4,000 ancient Shan Tuyet tea trees, the diameter of some trees is so large that several people can hug them like in Sin Chai. The climate is cool all year round, Shan Tuyet tea trees live on mountain dew, so the tea here is watery and has a sweet taste. Ta Sin Thang spring market has not many goods, but is very diverse and rich. In addition to commercial goods brought from the bottom up, from the district capital, the majority are mainly agricultural and food products and traditional local brocade goods. Agricultural products sold at the market are all fresh and attractive; Fruits, vegetables, rice grains, potatoes, cassava, star fruit sweet soup, mushrooms, chestnuts, wild bamboo shoots, stream fish, pork, chicken, honey... are all made by the people in the area themselves. to use, if you can't use it all then take it to the market to sell. In the highlands, there are more rocky mountains than corn fields and rice fields, and year-round clouds are covered, so the flavor of the agricultural products made by the people is very bold with the impression of the mountains and forests. People's goods are displayed for sale along the aisles of the market, all fresh and of all kinds; From the lush vegetable plants sown in the forest of rocky mountains, the tall tea trees twisted by hand, the dried bamboo shoots, wood ear mushrooms, and shiitake mushrooms all harvested from the forest, each big, thick piece of meat is delicious and firm; Golden, thick honey stored in an upside-down bottle that does not spill; Mong Pe wine is distilled from corn grains and fermented with forest leaves, so it is very fragrant and famous for being a delicious wine. Drinking slowly and slowly absorbing is very smooth, not intoxicating, without dizziness or headaches like other chemical drinks. People in the highlands are very honest, they rarely bargain, if they like to sell then they sell, if they like to buy then they buy, not asking for one less or two more.


Him Lam hill relic



Him Lam is one of the outer positions of the Dien Bien Phu stronghold group, located on Street 41 (now Vo Nguyen Giap Street), the gateway to the Northeast, blocking the road from Tuan Giao to Dien Bien, one of strong resistance centers of the Dien Bien Phu stronghold group. Like other bases in the 49-point defense system, Him Lam was given a beautiful name by the French colonialists, Béatrice, the name of a beautiful French girl. The French colonialists built the defense system. Located on 3 hills, creating a solid footing, supporting each other, with a solid defensive battlefield, lots of powerful firepower and a system of secondary fortifications made of dense barbed wire fences. In addition, it is also equipped with guns with infrared rays to detect targets at night, tanks, artillery, and air force ready to support at any time. The force deployed at this base is the Reinforced Le Duong Battalion, part of the 13th Le Duong semi-brigade, which France considers one of the best combat units, with a long track record of never losing a single battle. which one to play first? With a solid defense system and elite troops equipped with modern weapons, France has loudly declared that Him Lam is a very strong fortress, a "steel door" of the "immortal" stronghold group. infringing". On our side, Him Lam was determined by the Front Command to be the opening battle. To ensure the principle of "the first battle must be won", our troops arranged strong forces, including reserves; artillery defense and defense plans. no, prevent enemy counterattacks, anticipate basic situations and how to handle them during the course of combat. The task of destroying the Him Lam Resistance Center is assigned to Regiments 141 and 209 of the 312th Army directly. attack to destroy the base. At exactly 5:00 p.m. on March 13, 1954, the attack on the Dien Bien Phu base group officially began, with successive rounds of shelling aimed directly at Him Lam and the Central subdivision. Right from the first volley of bullets, we shot down the headquarters of the Him Lam Resistance Center, killing the Pego Battalion Commander (Pesgaux) and 3 other officers, and communication between Him Lam and Muong Thanh was completely cut off. ..Squad leader Phan Dinh Giot, although seriously injured, still rushed forward and used explosives and grenades to destroy bunker number 2. At that time, enemy fire at bunker number 3 frantically opened fire, causing our soldiers to fire. Unable to advance, Phan Dinh Giot, one man and one gun, took advantage of the terrain and small mounds of land, carefully moving closer and closer to the muzzle of the gun in the battlements that was spitting bullets towards our troops. And the opportunity had come, at the exact moment the gunner changed his magazine, Phan Dinh Giot rose up and aimed straight at the enemy's battlements and fired his bullets. But in just a moment, the enemy's gun barrel vibrated again. Without hesitation, Squad Leader Phan Dinh Giot was able to press his body onto the enemy's gun muzzle, tightly blocking the hole. Company 58 immediately volunteered to destroy fire at point number 3 and along with other battalion attacks rushed forward using grenades and bayonets to destroy the enemy. At 11:30 p.m. on March 13, 1954, our troops destroyed the entire Him Lam Resistance Center. At the end of the battle, our troops destroyed nearly 300 enemies, captured more than 200 and collected all weapons and ammunition. The victory at Him Lam base was the first victory of the Vietnam People's Army, making an important contribution to the victory of the Dien Bien Phu campaign on May 7, 1954. Him Lam Resistance Center Relic is one of the component relics of the Dien Bien Phu Battlefield Special National Relic, located far from other attractions such as: A1 Hill Relic, D1 Hill Relic (Monument Dien Bien Phu Victory), Dien Bien Phu Historical Victory Museum...about 2km to the North. Over the past 65 years, every time the Ban flowers bloom, we remember the opening battle of Him Lam with its glorious victories, heroic examples and even the losses and sacrifices for the independence and freedom of the nation. . The glorious battlefield of the past has now been preserved and embellished with trenches, barbed wire fences, blockhouses, etc., where people and tourists can visit, pay tribute and review the heroic history of the war. nation. The Him Lam Resistance Center relic is a sightseeing spot that brings many emotions and meanings to every visitor to Dien Bien Phu - March of Hoa Ban season.


Do Cat tunnel relic area



During the trip to Dien Bien Phu, visitors will also have the opportunity to visit the Do Cat tunnel relic site. General De Cat's command bunker is located in the center of Dien Bien Phu stronghold group in Muong Thanh field, Dien Bien district, Dien Bien province. Even though it has been nearly 60 years, the structure and layout of the basement are still intact. Do Cat Tunnel was designed by the French colonialists very firmly, 20m long and 8m wide, including four rooms used for both living and working activities. The tunnel is surrounded by a defensive fence with a dense barbed wire system and four tanks. Do Cat Tunnel is like a testament to the nation's heroic history, countless blood, bones and tears of our army and people have been shed to have the moment when the red flag with yellow star fluttered on the roof of the tunnel. Contributed to later glorious victories and the unification of the country in the spring of 1975. In addition, visitors can also visit the system of historical relics of the Dien Bien Phu victory, including: war command headquarters. Dien Bien Phu translation in Muong Phang; Him Lam, Ban Keo, and Doc Lap strongholds; hills C1, D1, E1. And there are many famous places in Dien Bien such as: Ban Phu Citadel, Xa Nhe Cave, Pa Thom Cave, Dien Bien Phu Victory Museum, Uva Hot Springs, Chieng So Tower,... Hurry up and book your appointment now. Explore the Dien Bien tourist destinations that we just sent to you above! Wishing you an exciting journey to the heroic land of Dien Bien.


Mui Dinh lighthouse

Mui Dinh Lighthouse, an architectural work located in the heart of Dinh Mountain, surrounded by large sand dunes, was built by the French in 1904, 16 meters high, located on a mountainside 300 meters above sea level.

Mui Dinh Lighthouse is located in Phuoc Dinh commune, Thuan Nam district, about 45 km south of Phan Rang - Thap Cham city center and about 300km from Ho Chi Minh City. Currently, the Mui Dinh lighthouse project uses batteries. The sun is charged into the battery to provide energy for the 100W marine light, shining more than 26 nautical miles, orienting ships and boats traveling in the waters of Ninh Thuan - Binh Thuan provinces. Mui Dinh Lighthouse is not only the "eye of the sea" guiding the way to ensure maritime safety for ships, but also a milestone affirming the sacred sovereignty of the sea and islands of the Vietnamese Fatherland. On the journey to Mui Dinh lighthouse, you will admire the wild and majestic natural scenery with large rocky mountains, vast white sand beaches and beautiful blue beaches. The most attractive point is the pass. sub-desert, hidden deep in a system of mountains and hills surrounded by hundreds of sand dunes. The small desert at Mui Dinh lighthouse is where many fairy scenes of the sea and long white sand beaches intersect. With a route longer than 01km spread over a large sand dune leading to the sea, you will see images of a clear blue freshwater lake, cactus petals, a herd of goats roaming on the mountain... In addition to the challenge of crossing the river, desert, the next challenge is the steep, steep road leading to Mui Dinh. After nearly 30 minutes of walking, Mui Dinh lighthouse will open before your eyes right at the intersection of clouds, water, sea, sky and forest. mountain. After two journeys of exploration, setting foot on Mui Dinh lighthouse, you will be truly amazed by the scenery here. From the top of the lighthouse, looking out into the distance, you will be immersed in an open space. The vast expanse of clouds, sky, sea and sand dunes stretching endlessly. To make your discovery trip more ideal, you should go to Mui Dinh lighthouse in the morning or late afternoon to avoid wasting your energy; Use light, airy clothes to protect your body from the sun. Remember to bring sunscreen, a hat with a large brim, a scarf, sunglasses and at least two bottles of water if you choose. walk through the desert. At the same time, you can combine a visit to Tanyoli Tourist Area - a place known as the "Mongolian steppe" of Ninh Thuan to feel the many attractions of this sunny and windy land even more!


Ninh Thuan Museum

Ninh Thuan Museum is located in the campus complex of April 16 Square, Tan Tai ward, Phan Rang - Thap Cham city. The Provincial Museum owns a prime location - the golden position of Phan Rang - Thap Cham city center with an area of ​​3,547.14 m2; 1.5 km east of Binh Son beach; There are many planning projects around the Provincial Museum, near international schools, tourist night markets, provincial hospitals, supermarkets, entertainment areas such as kitesurfing, sand racing, and entertainment areas. Vinh Hy resort travel….

From Ninh Thuan Museum to the Po Klong Garai Cham tower relic complex is only 9 km to the west, to Bau Truc pottery village and My Nghiep brocade weaving village - the 2 oldest craft villages in Southeast Asia with 10 km to the south, Ba Moi vineyard 7 km with rich grapes, a specialty of Ninh Thuan. Ninh Thuan Museum is designed with many meanings, along with the victory monument to form a cluster of unique and unique architectural works with a spirit full of vitality, continuing to strive to rise, worthy of its stature. stature and development trend of the times. Overall viewed from above, Ninh Thuan Museum looks like an ancient Egyptian pyramid. From a distance, Ninh Thuan Museum looks like a boat transmitting culture to all regions. This is a place that preserves cultural values, bearing the unique characteristics of the "sunny and windy" land of Ninh Thuan. Especially every time Spring comes, the Museum becomes even more sparkling with bright pearls shining in the Spring sky. Visitors can immerse themselves in the warm spring atmosphere. At night, Ninh Thuan Museum is like a multi-colored crystal. The crystal is iridescent, shimmering in color, and shining, creating a mysterious and unique space in the heart of Phan Rang - Thap Cham city. Coming here, visitors will be able to mingle and admire the beauty of Phan Rang - Thap Cham city - a coastal city with waves of love lapping the shore, melodious to people's hearts. Inside the Ninh Thuan Museum, over 40,000 artifacts are displayed in many areas with different topics. The first is the theme of celebrating the Party and welcoming the summer of 2020. Next, 11 areas in the fixed room are displayed with valuable artifacts of natural geography, population, and culture of ethnic groups such as Kinh, Cham, Chinese, Raglai, Chu Ru, Co Ho... and the culture of the resistance period combine to display images of heroic mothers of ethnic minorities; In particular, the Provincial Museum also displays all marine creatures in Ninh Thuan waters, methodically decorated, scientifically arranged and using QR code scanning technology with smartphones to help visitors. Retrieve information related to exhibits easily and conveniently, giving you new experiences.


Sakai eco-tourism area

Sakai Fruit Garden is colorful with the spreading scents of Durian, Avocado, Rambutan, Mangosteen...etc




Cham My Nghiep brocade weaving village

Located in Phuoc Dan town, Ninh Phuoc district, Ninh Thuan province, 12km southeast of Phan Rang town. The village's Cham name is Ca Klaing, its Vietnamese name is My Nghiep, a name taken to mean the birthplace of beautiful professional houses.




Bau Truc pottery village

Located about 10km south of Phan Rang city, right on National Highway 1A, Bau Truc pottery village is located in Phuoc Dan town, Ninh Phuoc district, Ninh Thuan province.




Ba Chua Kho Temple



In the ancient and civilized countryside of Kinh Bac, Ba Chua Kho Temple in Co Me village, Vu Ninh ward, Bac Ninh city is one of the most sacred and famous temples to worship the mother goddess. Every day, hundreds of people from home and abroad come to worship, pray for fortune and fortune, but the busiest and most exciting is in the first and second months of the lunar calendar every year. Everyone who comes here has the same belief that she will help their business go smoothly, peacefully and prosperously. Legend has it that Ba Chua Kho was a woman from Qua Cam village, of great beauty, skillful in organizing production, storing food, and taking care of the national treasure during and after the Nhu Nguyet victory (1076) by Ly. Thuong Kiet leads. She also had the merit of recruiting people and establishing hamlets in Qua Cam, Co Me, and Thuong Dong areas, helping people clear agricultural land. She later became Queen under the Ly Dynasty, helping the king in running the country and maintaining food warehouses. She was murdered by the enemy while distributing salary to help the villagers. Appreciating her generosity, the king awarded her the title of Phuc Than. The people of Co Me were grateful and established Ba Chua Kho Temple at the old warehouse location on Kho Mountain. The temple was established during the Ly Dynasty and was initially a small temple. During the Le Dynasty, it was restored and expanded into a large Temple area with many construction items: Three-entrance gate, road, yard, front altar, second palace, harem - a solemn worship center with the statue of the Queen. Carved very elaborately and skillfully. Through time and destruction from war, in 1989, Ba Chua Kho Temple was ranked by the State as a National Historical - Cultural relic and was restored, renovated, and expanded on a large scale by Bac Ninh province. includes many architectural items such as: Tam Mon Gate, Tieu Te, Third Palace, Second Palace, Thuong Palace (Ba Chua Palace), Son Trang Court, Lau Co, Lau Cau, "Nine Same Heaven" altar. and a number of other auxiliary works. Most of the construction items have been restored and embellished to have a traditional look and honor the value of the monument. On January 12 every year, to commemorate the death anniversary of Ba Chua Kho, Co Me villagers and visitors often hold an incense offering ceremony, arrange offerings to worship Ba Chua Kho, and worship at altars in the Temple area with presentations. The names are: Tien Te, Tu Phu Cong Dong, Second Palace, First Palace (Three Holy Mother Palaces); Worship Buddha at the village temple and worship Saint Tam Giang at the communal house. Offerings that can be offered include vegetarian offerings, salty offerings, raw food offerings, Son Trang feast, fruits, incense, and mirrors. Some visitors come to the Temple to pray for peace and fortune, but most come to "borrow capital" from Ba Chua Kho, hoping for a year of abundant capital and prosperous business... The "borrowing" ritual is also very clearly, people write in the application how much to borrow, what to do, and how long it will take to repay. Some people even promise to borrow 1, pay 3, pay 10... with the concept that if you borrow, you have to pay back, so whether business is good or not, people still keep their promise, that is, to say thanks at the end of the year in Ba Chua Kho Temple. During the beginning of the year, around the Temple there are hundreds of shops selling offerings, crowded with people coming in and out. The offering trays are bought by pilgrims as they please, sometimes it's as simple as incense cards, flowers with a few bundles of underworld money, or when it's elaborate, it's a chicken plate with sticky rice, or a full tray of five fruits... it's mostly a success. praying heart. To serve guests attending the festival, the people of Co Me have organized to welcome guests, serve everyone more and more thoughtfully, limit and gradually repel negative phenomena, hoping to satisfy guests when attending the festival. Temple Assembly. People come here, in addition to sincerely offering offerings, praying for fortune and fortune, it is also an opportunity to meet each other, sightsee the Temple together, and visit famous historical and cultural relics of the city such as: Co Me Communal House, Thanh Hoa Temple. Bac Ninh Ancient, Bac Ninh Temple of Literature; Old Quarters, enjoy the specialties of Bac Ninh people.


King Ba Temple



Legend has it that "King Ba" is the daughter of the sixth Hung King. When she reached the age of marriage, her father held a "sowing and praying" festival to choose a husband for his daughter. How ungrateful, the person the princess doesn't like is able to capture the bridge. She asked her father to let her leave the forbidden palace, board a boat with her maids, and accept a rustic life. Arriving at Viem Trang, seeing the gentle river, beautiful scenery, fertile beaches, she stayed to explore the land, teaching people how to farm, raise silkworms, grow silk, weave silk... And, most miraculously, she did it. compose songs and teach everyone to sing together. Those are the first melodies and songs of Quan Ho folk songs today. Therefore, "King and Ba" is the ancestor of the mandarins. Is that so, that until now, even a brother and a sister in the same "marriage" are not allowed to marry each other, and must be "unlucky" for the status of "King and Lady"? Is it true that of the ten verses of Quan Ho, nine of them talk about longing, wishing, asking, dating, carelessness, and sadness? Is that so, but the painful beauty of both those who "still have fate" and "have lost their fate", life after life, keeps piling up, forever like rubbing salt into the hearts of people, whose wounds have not yet healed, from that ancient time. Is that so, but on that mat are four female artists: Ngo Thi Khu, 90 years old; Nguyen Thi Vu, 85 years old; Ngo Thi Lich, 82 years old; Nguyen Thi Ban, 79 years old; along with two male artisans: Ngo Van Su, 87 years old, father of Ngo Cong Tinh; Nguyen Van Bat, 86 years old; play the role of host - guest, to present a whole "soup" of Diem village's mandarins. It can be said that the strictness in the villages of Quan Ho is created by strict regulations long ago, and there are reasons for it. Arrive at Diem village, visit King Ba temple - the ancestor of Quan Ho village, which was built a long time ago, but has been renovated many times; The oldest remaining sculptural architectural mark is a pair of "stone crocodiles" on their bodies with lancet rattan clusters in the artistic style of the Le Trung Hung period; The late architecture is from the Nguyen Dynasty. On the first sentence of the former Tieu Te building, there is still the original Chinese text: "Khai Dinh dynasty nine years" (1924). By 2000, the temple was completely renovated and rebuilt. The temple has a "Vuong"-style architecture including: An altar, incense burning and a harem, a decorative carved wooden frame, with gracefully curved curved tiled roofs. King Ba Temple also preserves precious ancient artifacts such as: thrones, altar statues, ordinations, diaphragms, parallel sentences and many other worship objects. At the Tien Te court, the middle room hangs a fairly large horizontal panel, beautifully carved, painted with brilliant gold, in the middle stand out four large Chinese characters: "Vuong Mau precepts", next to it is a date line " Khai Dinh Giap Ty” (1924); On both sides of the column are ancient couplets praising the merits of King Ba worshiped here: "For thousands of years, the gods serve/For eternity, enjoy the old fire like the new". The harem is a solemn place of worship, with an altar and on the altar are a throne, a statue of King Ba and many other worship objects. The throne is made of wood carved with dragons, clouds, flowers and leaves, lacquered with gold and painted in the artistic style of the Nguyen Dynasty. The tablet has the Chinese words "At the scene of becoming the king of heaven, the son of the great king Nam Hai". The statue of King Ba sitting in the middle is shimmering and fanciful: in a cross-legged position, his hands resting gently on his thighs, his head wearing a crown with many flowers attached; beautiful and gentle face, big long ears, proud neck with three points of jewelry; soft, silky outerwear. On the altar are also other precious ancient worship objects such as: incense bowls, vases, water fountains, lamps, candles, incense vases and, notably, three red painted wooden balls placed next to the altar as attachments. stuck with the custom of "robbing the bridge" of the King Ba temple association. It is also an ordainment dating back to Thieu Tri 4 (1844), ordaining people to be worshiped. The people of Viem Xa village are always proud that: "The ancestral mandarins of our village/The words that sing of King Ba being born/ Since ancient times, men and women, young and old,/Whoever can sing them will be glorious." In particular, the people of Viem Xa village still preserve the most ancient customs of the Quan Ho's way of life at King Ba Temple such as: Whenever there is a drought, there is the custom of singing Quan Ho to pray for islands. When singing, only the "group" of mandarins sing. Village surnames are sung and only sung in traditional accents (ancient accent). On the other hand, according to Bac Ninh travel experience, only Viem Xa village still preserves the most ancient Quan Ho living customs such as: hooded Quan Ho singing, brothel customs, sleeping in groups, making friends, making friends, etc. cha... Viem Xa is a village with many generations of Lien Anh and Lien Sister, famous artists who are knowledgeable about Quan Ho customs and can sing with the most traditional accents in the region. All festivals of the village's temples, communal houses, and pagodas feature Quan Ho cultural activities and attract many Quan Ho brothers and sisters from the villages in the region to attend the festival.


Dinh Dau Han



Dinh Dau Han is peaceful on the banks of the Cau River, an ancient village located close to the southern bank of the Cau River. Dau Han village is surrounded by rivers and lush green rice fields all year round. The Cau River not only carries a heavy load of fertile alluvium for the hamlets on its banks, but also marks many important historical events of the nation in the resistance wars against foreign invaders. Bac Ninh is one of the cultural cradles of the Northern Delta. Therefore, it is not difficult to understand why every village and commune in Bac Ninh has at least one communal house, temple or at least a village shrine. Dau Han communal house is located along a small road close to the southern bank of Cau River, Dau Han village, Hoa Phong commune, about 6km northeast of Bac Ninh city center, Bac Ninh province. According to the genealogy and ordination, this is the place of worship of Saint Tam Giang, who was instrumental in helping King Trieu Viet expel the Liang army to save the country in the 6th century. Tam Giang comes from the name that the Vietnamese Feudal dynasties gave to the two men: Tam Giang supreme god. But there are also people who believe that "Tam Giang" originates from the common name of three rivers: Cau River, Thuong River, Duong River - where there are many temples worshiping the two men. Talking about Saint Tam Giang, this is the name that Vietnamese people collectively call the two saints who manifested from Truong Hong and Truong Hat. Truong Hong and Truong Hat were born into a family of five brothers, four boys and one girl. According to the preserved divine genealogy: On the full moon night of January, when she was 18 years old, Tu Nhan dreamed of seeing the Dragon God wrapped around Luc Dau River, after which she became pregnant. After 14 months of pregnancy, she went to the temple to worship Buddha and returned to Cua Cuu, Van Mau village, when she went into labor and gave birth to a bundle of five children. Tu Nhan wholeheartedly takes care of her children's education. No matter how much you study, you will be able to understand the scriptures and history. Every day you diligently read military books and diligently practice martial arts, so you are all proficient in literature and martial arts. In 545, the Liang Dynasty sent troops to invade Vietnam. Ly Nam De had few troops and could not stop the enemy, so he had to give power to general Trieu Quang Phuc, then died in the mountainous Khuat Lao cave (Tam Nong, Phu Tho). Trieu Quang Phuc sent his troops to Da Trach lagoon (Hung Yen) to fight ambushes, and at the same time encouraged the people to find talented people to fight the enemy to help the country. Hearing that there was a plan to raise money, brothers Truong Hong and Truong Hat discussed asking their teacher for orders, using a plan to establish themselves, return to their hometown to recruit soldiers to help the country. The two men arranged the battlefield so that the Luong army could not resist and was completely defeated. Trieu Quang Phuc ascended the throne. Later, Ly Phat Tu (whose family name was Ly Nam De) plotted to usurp the throne of Trieu Quang Phuc, ascending the throne and calling himself Hau Ly Nam De. Knowing that the two brothers Hong and Hat were good at singing, they invited people to become mandarins, but because of their loyalty to the king, they decided to refuse. Angry, Buddhist Ly ordered to arrest them everywhere. To maintain their loyalty to the king, they discussed taking their families down the Cau River and drinking poison to commit suicide. Dau Han communal house was built on a very large scale during the Le Trung Hung dynasty. It was restored during the Nguyen dynasty and since then, it has retained the beauty of its architecture and the splendid "four sacred animals and four precious" sculptures. art tricks.


Dong Lan Pagoda Festival



On February 12 (January 8), people in the region and tourists from all over eagerly attended the Dong Lan pagoda festival, Hung Dao commune (City). Dong Lan Pagoda has a long history, built during the Le - Mac dynasties. In 1997, the pagoda was recognized as a provincial cultural and historical relic. During the Ly Dynasty (late 11th century), Dong Lan Pagoda was built to worship Buddha. Before the pagoda was built, at Dong Lan mound there were temples worshiping Tran Quy and Tran Kien. The book "Cao Bang Thuc Luc" records many details about the origins and special talents of brothers Tran Quy and Tran Kien. Their father, Tran Trieu, married a fairy wife, so his two sons were blessed with many miracles. When they reached adulthood, their fairy mother had to return to heaven, and their father also went to the mountains to learn the way of immortality. The two brothers Tran Quy and Tran Kien remembered their parents' advice and carried swords around the area to search for monsters. , eliminating harm to the people. During the Le Dynasty, Tran Kien was appointed Cai Cong Dai Vuong, a low-class minister; Tran Quy is Dong Lan Dai Vuong, a middle class god. Remembering the merits of the two young men, the people built a spring-autumn temple to worship. In the pagoda there is also an incense bowl worshiping Thach Sanh - a character in the legend of the Tay people. Thach Sanh killed the star shepherd, protecting the peaceful life of the people. Currently, the pagoda consists of a main church with 5 front halls and a main hall; There is also an ancestral church. In 2007, with the consent of the Provincial People's Committee, the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha appointed a monk to become an abbot at the temple. The pagoda is a place for Buddhist followers from many places in the province to come to worship Buddha. Every year, on the 8th day of the first lunar month, the temple opens a festival. The ceremony takes place from the evening of the 7th. During the festival, many folk games are organized to attract visitors from all over to enjoy the festival.


Dong Lan Pagoda



Dong Lan Pagoda is a pagoda with a long history, built during the Le - Mac dynasties. The pagoda was recognized as a provincial cultural and historical relic in 1997. Dong Lan Pagoda is located on Dong Lan mound (Doong Lan in Tay language), in the northwest of Cao Bang city. The origin of the name "Dong Lan" has many hypotheses, associated with historical stories through many periods such as the story of Thuc Phan organizing the contest "Nine lords fighting for the king" (there are many other place names associated with this story such as : Tong Chup field, banyan tree in Cao Binh, stone clogs in Ban Thanh, upturned boat in Khau Lua). Dong Lan is the place where the lord went to get the bronze drums. He came back tired and fell asleep. Rats bit the drum strings. The drums rolled down the hill and echoed throughout the whole area. The other lords thought the lord who went to get the drums had won, so they abandoned the competition, so no one won. . Tong Lan is a rolling drum, called Dong Lan. There is a hypothesis that Dong Lan is a pagoda located on the Lan hill. During the Ly Dynasty (late 11th century), Dong Lan Pagoda was built to worship Buddha. From the year of Tan Hoi, the 19th Canh Thong era of the Mac Dynasty, the Queen of the Mac Dynasty ordered the pagoda to be built in the shape of a nail, with corridors and a back hall on both sides, and a monk's room. Behind the pagoda is Ly palace of the Mac dynasty. The pagoda is a place for queens and princesses to chant Buddhist scriptures. Before the pagoda was built, at Dong Lan mound there was a temple worshiping Tran Quy and Tran Kien. According to "Cao Bang Thuc Luc" there are many detailed records about the origins and special talents of brothers Tran Quy and Tran Kien. Their father, Tran Trieu, married a fairy wife, so his two sons were blessed with many miracles. When they reached adulthood, their fairy mother had to return to heaven, and their father also went to the mountains to learn the way of immortality. The two brothers Tran Quy and Tran Kien remembered their parents' advice and carried swords around the area to search for monsters. , eliminating harm to the people. Remembering the merits of the two young men, the people built a spring-autumn temple to worship. These two, throughout the dynasties, were all ordained. During the Le Dynasty, Tran Kien was appointed Cai Cong Dai Vuong, a lower-class minister; Tran Quy is Dong Lan Dai Vuong, a middle class god. Experiencing historical events, Dong Lan Pagoda was destroyed and severely damaged many times, then repaired. In the year of Thieu Tri (1841-1847) of the Nguyen Dynasty, the pagoda was completely rebuilt. The place to worship Tran Quy - Tran Kien is privately worshiped in a small temple next to the corridor on the right side of the pagoda, while Buddha is worshiped in the main hall. During the resistance war against the French, in 1950, the pagoda was once again destroyed. In addition, according to information provided by some elderly people in Hung Dao commune, previously in the pagoda there was an incense bowl to worship Thach Sanh. This is a character in the legend of the Tay people. Thach Sanh killed the ogres, protecting the peaceful life of the people. On January 15, 1997, the pagoda was granted a provincial cultural and historical relic certificate by the Provincial People's Committee. In 2004, the pagoda was funded by the state to invest in renovating the Three Jewels temple, adding many Buddha statues, and renovating the pagoda grounds. However, the original architecture of the temple is no longer retained intact. Artifacts such as bells, Buddha statues, parallel sentences, etc., can no longer be kept from the past. Only artifacts will be given to Buddhists later. Dong Lan Pagoda currently has quite a large campus. The three-entrance gate is built firmly and solemnly. Looking from the outside you see the words "Compassion", looking from the inside you see the words "Happiness and forgiveness". The pagoda consists of a main church with 5 front halls and a main hall. There is also an ancestral church (3 compartments). The pagoda's roof is tiled and decorated with two dragons flanking the moon. From the pagoda yard, you have to go through 9 steps to reach the first architectural layer, which is the front hall (worship house). The doors are all built in an arch shape. The front hall is spacious, high and airy, with 5 compartments. In the middle is an altar with a thousand-eyed and thousand-armed Guan Yin Buddha statue. The space on the right is the altar to worship Saint Tran Quy - Tran Kien and the statue of Monsignor. The space on the left is the altar of Thach Sanh. Between the altar and the main hall there is a transit gap which is a space used to get light. The main hall (three jewels space) has two layers of altars. The highest layer adjacent to the pagoda's roof contains three Buddhas of the Three Worlds, symbolizing Buddhas belonging to three lifetimes: past, present, and future. Three Tam The Buddhas of the same size and shape are placed on a lotus throne. The second altar layer has 3 statues in the same row called Amitabha Tam Ton. Sitting in the middle is a fairly large carved Amitabha Buddha statue. On both sides are statues of Bodhisattvas and monks, arranged in rows from low to high, majestic and solemn. On the two main pillars of the main hall there are two parallel sentences: A thousand years of merit transmits the three jewels. One thought clears the mind from nine thousand. Temporarily translated: A thousand years of merit transmits the three jewels. One thought penetrates the nine clouds. In the temple yard, there is a statue. Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva made of 3m high white marble holds a vase of nectar in his hand. Behind the main church is the Mother Goddess Temple with three altars: Thanh Mau (main hall), Son Trang, and Tran Trieu. Above the main shrine there is a double image of Thanh and White Snakes crossing horizontally. In 2007, with the consent of the Provincial People's Committee, the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha appointed a monk to be an abbot at the temple, serving the people's freedom of belief. The pagoda is a place for Buddhist followers from many places in the province to come to worship Buddha on the first and full moon days of every month. The pagoda festival is held on the 8th day of the first lunar month every year with many activities: chanting sutras, reciting Buddha's name, shaking hexagrams to pray for good fortune, praying for fortune, burning incense and picking fortune, organizing folk games..., attracting visitors from all over. Go to a crowded festival.


Hydrangea garden



The hydrangea garden is located in the Kolia Farm eco-tourism area (Pia Den, Nguyen Binh, Cao Bang province). Only about 70km from Cao Bang center. Hydrangeas are woody plants with asexual flowers. At first the flowers are white, then gradually turn blue, pink, or purple. Flower color depends on the pH of the soil. Hydrangeas are currently in full bloom and are most beautiful in the first half of June, then gradually fade. Hydrangeas are suitable for cool climates, not too hot, so they are grown a lot in Da Lat. Cao Bang also has a relatively mild climate, so people here have tried growing hydrangea in Binh Nguyen. Due to the pH of the soil, the hydrangea here has a very bright and beautiful bluish-white color with a slight purple tint. Right from the entrance, you can see bunches of hydrangea flowers crowded together on the slopes of the stone fence. Hydrangeas here are mostly grown in clusters, but most are along both sides of the lake, with flowering plants covering both sides of the lake. Visitors can admire the flowers and watch the schools of salmon swimming around under the lake surface. Not only is there a surprisingly beautiful hydrangea garden, visitors also have the opportunity to see an ancient French villa 4km away. Your trip will be even more perfect if you combine it with successful cloud hunting. Each roof of a highland house, each terraced field hidden under a layer of floating clouds makes you see that the long journey has not been wasted. On weekends, many tourists come here, this place gradually becomes a place to take photos. Most loved by young people in Cao Bang. Not only is there a surprisingly beautiful hydrangea garden, visitors also have the opportunity to see an ancient French villa 4km away. Your trip will be even more perfect if you combine it with successful cloud hunting. Each highland roof, each terraced field hidden under the floating clouds makes you see that the long journey has not been wasted.


Ma Phuc Pass



Ma Phuc Pass is one of the most beautiful passes on Highway 3 and is a stopping point that makes visitors admire on the journey to conquer the Northeast mountains. Ma Phuc Pass is located in Cao Xuyen hamlet, Quoc Toan commune, Tra Linh district, is the boundary between Hoa An and Tra Linh districts, located 22 km from Cao Bang city. Ma Phuc Pass is 3.5 km long, about 700 m high compared to Cao Bang. sea ​​level, winding 7 steep slopes between two high limestone mountains facing each other like the image of two prostrate horses. Ma Phuc Pass is the most beautiful pass in Cao Bang and is among the most dangerous roads in Vietnam. In particular, this is a unique geological heritage site of Non Nuoc Cao Bang Global Geopark recognized by UNESCO. Crossing Ma Phuc Pass, visitors will be amazed when admiring the extremely majestic natural landscape that is both poetic and very simple with undulating, overlapping, overlapping mountains. Each season, Ma Phuc Pass has its own beauty. Coming to Ma Phuc in spring, visitors can admire the stretching green of corn fields and green rice fields. Coming to Ma Phuc in late fall and early winter, visitors can see the idyllic blooms of buckwheat flowers. A special thing when coming to Ma Phuc Pass, visitors have the opportunity to experience the unique features of the rural market and enjoy local specialties. One of the most outstanding specialties at this market and Beef is always a favorite choice for tourists to take home as a gift. Coming to Ma Phuc Pass to see the wonderful nature, participating in the market at the top of the pass and buying specialties right at the market as gifts will definitely be an interesting experience that visitors should not miss on their journey to explore. destroy the land of Cao Bang.


King Le Temple Festival



It has become a custom that on the 6th day of the first lunar month every year, local people and a large number of tourists from all over come bustling and excited to attend the King Le temple festival in Lang Den hamlet, Hoang Tung commune, Hoa district. An - the opening festival for the temple festival season in Cao Bang province. King Le Temple is a place to worship King Le Loi Cao Hoang De (also known as King Le Thai To) to express gratitude and sincerity to one of the most talented and eminent kings in the history of Vietnamese culture. The temple belongs to the Na Lu citadel relic complex, which has been registered and ranked as a National Historical and Cultural Monument by the State. King Le Temple Festival is held to pray for favorable weather, good harvests, healthy people, entering a year of productive labor emulation, and successful implementation of socio-economic tasks. , national defense - security, joining hands to build new rural areas. This is also an opportunity for people to express the morality of remembering the source when drinking water, which is a good tradition of a nation with thousands of years of history in building and defending the country. The festival organizes many rich activities with historical significance and traditional local customs and practices such as procession of King Le temple's palanquin, lion dance, drumming to open the festival, offering incense to commemorate merit, and reviewing historical milestones. history takes place at King Le temple and a cultural program to celebrate the festival, sports competitions, and popular games; Propaganda festival - lullabies, folk songs praising the homeland... Organizing booths displaying cuisine, traditional handicraft products, special products and ethnic costumes of 20 communes, towns in the district; Displaying books and photos propagating the province's economic, cultural, social, security and defense achievements in recent years. Previously, on the evening of January 5, at King Le Temple, a cultural exchange night to celebrate the Party and spring took place with many musical performances written and performed by actors and artisans from communes and towns. attracted a large number of tourists to watch and cheer.


Ho Thang Hen



About 30 km from Cao Bang city along Provincial Road 205, Thang Hen Lake in Quoc Toan commune (Tra Linh) is mentioned as one of the outstanding and attractive eco-tourism addresses, with poetic scenery. , sentiently associated with legends and mysterious stories. The legend of Thang Hen Lake is an interesting discovery for tourists. According to folk legend, once upon a time in Cao Bang, there was a young man named Sung who was intelligent and handsome. He passed the exam to become an official and was rewarded by the king with seven days of honor and worship. Returning home, he married the beautiful Booc. He was so engrossed in being with his newlywed wife that he forgot the day he would return to the capital. Only on Saturday night did he remember, so he quickly said goodbye to his wife and parents and ran back to the capital. In the middle of the dark night in the wild forest, he ran 36 steps, fell, hit his head on the mountain and died. His 36 steps today are 36 large and small lakes with different names in the local language of Tra Linh district. Legend has it that the place where he lay down was Thang Hen Lake today. Currently, the Thang Hen lake complex has 36 natural lakes, each lake is a few dozen or a few hundred meters apart. The lakes all have their own banks, however, they are all connected by underground caves. These 36 natural freshwater lakes are located in a large valley adjacent to Quoc Toan commune (Tra Linh) and Ngu Lao commune (Hoa An). Lake names are given in local languages ​​such as: Thang Vat, Na Ma, Thang Loong, Thang Hoi... dating back hundreds of years. Among them, Thang Hen is the largest lake in the complex of 36 lakes. Thang Hen Lake is nearly 2,000 m long, 500 m wide, surrounded by old forest canopy mixed with cat-ear rocks and has a depth of up to 40 m. The name of Thang Hen Lake in the local language means "bee tail", because looking down from above, visitors will think of the shape of the lake as shaped like a bee's tail. These natural lakes have many specialties bestowed by nature with more than 100 different types of large and small fish, such as shrimp, shrimp, red-fin carp, catfish... Thang Hen has a charming mountain and water landscape with rows of Green trees stretch out on steep cliffs, reflecting on the green water surface, winding along the valley floor with rocky reefs. In the morning, from the top of the mountain, looking down at the lake, you can see clouds passing by like white silk strips fluttering in the wind. At the upstream of the lake there is a large cave called Thang Hen cave. The mouth of the cave is 200 m deep, about 5 - 6 m wide, about 5 m high, leading straight to the top of the mountain. Water flows from the cave all year round without stopping. Every day, Thang Hen Lake has two high and low tides. Especially around September - October, the autumn period, one night, the water of Thang Hen Lake is drained in just a few hours. Regardless of the flood or dry season, the water in Thang Hen Lake is green all year round. Thang Hen Lake area has a steep rocky cliff from 5 m - 30 m deep. On the rocky mountains there are rare trees such as ancient trees with a lifespan of hundreds of years and many varieties of wild orchids and other types of plants. rich diversity with many types of wild animals such as golden monkeys, partridges, jungle crows... Only an hour by motorbike or car, visitors can come to Thang Hen to enjoy the cool air and admire the scenery. Majestic and poetic rivers, mountains and forests, boating from one lake to another, enjoying dishes rich in national identity from the lake's products and tasting the delicious warm wine distilled from corn and leave yeast according to the traditional method of the Tay ethnic group.


Phja Oac National Park - Phja Den



Located in the UNESCO Non nuoc Cao Bang Global Geopark, Phja Oac - Phja Den National Park (Nguyen Binh district) with beautiful natural landscape, fresh and cool climate, has great advantages for development. Ecotourism, resort tourism. The French built a resort here in the early 20th century. Phia Oac - Phia Den National Park is a special-use forest, 73km west of Cao Bang city along provincial road 212 and national road 34. Established Established on January 11, 2018 based on the entire area of ​​the former nature reserve, the National Park has a natural area of ​​10,245.6 hectares, of which 4,035.5 hectares are strictly protected areas. Phja Oac and Phja Den are the names of two mountain peaks, of which Phja Oac peak has a height of 1,931m, and is considered the "roof" in the west of Cao Bang province; Phja Den has an altitude of 1,391m. The forest here belongs to the "dwarf forest" ecosystem, a typical forest type of the temperate climate in the North of our country. Regarding plants, there are 1,287 species belonging to 786 genera in 202 families of 6 plant phyla; Regarding animals, there are 496 species of vertebrates, in addition to thousands of species of invertebrates, insects... Including 352 species of plants, 58 species of rare animals are in the Vietnam Red Book. Nam... This is an extremely rare resource. These valuable animal and plant genetic resources need to be strictly protected. In terms of geology, Phja Oac - Phja Den National Park has a limestone mountain area with underground rivers; Valleys, basins and slopes lie interwoven between low and medium mountain ranges. Phja Oac - Phja Den National Park has a favorable environment for scientific research and environmental education, and is an ideal research place for researchers, especially biodiversity research. Nature has gifted Phja Oac - Phja Den with fresh air and cool climate. In particular, this place also contains many natural wonders, created by rolling mountain ranges and green vegetation imbued with the wildness of mountains and forests covered with clouds. Distributed around the garden are villages, streams, hillsides, terraced fields where ethnic people grow rice, corn, cassava, tea... creating extremely beautiful natural pictures. . Visitors coming here can also learn more about the colorful indigenous culture shown in the traditional costumes and festivals of the Dao, Nung, Tay, and Mong ethnic groups. Coming to Phja Oac - Phja Den is beautiful in any season, but especially in the spring, visitors can also admire many naturally growing flowers such as azaleas, wild orchids blooming brilliantly, or in winter, they can witness the flowers growing naturally. Snowflakes cover the mountains and tree branches and explore the differences in geology, geomorphology, and stratigraphy of nature. In addition, visitors can visit other tourist attractions such as Khai Phat fort relics, beeswax printed brocade weaving village of the Dao Tien ethnic group, Tinh Tuc tin mine, Kolia tea hill, salmon farm...


Ky Sam Temple Festival



On February 25 (the 10th day of the first lunar month), a large number of people and visitors came to visit the Ky Sam Temple festival, Vinh Quang commune, Cao Bang city. Ky Sam Temple is located in Ban Ngan, Vinh Quang commune, about 5 km from Cao Bang city center. Ky Sam Temple worships Khau Sam Dai Vuong Nung Tri Cao (1025 - 1055), a Tay ethnic person, a figure related to the cause of defending the country during the Ly Dynasty (King Ly Thai Tong in the 11th century). Nung Tri Cao is the son of leader Nung Ton Phuc and Mrs. A Nung. Intelligent and able to return to the capital Thang Long to study, Nung Tri Cao became a man of strategy. He had a glorious time, defeated the invading Song invaders, was awarded the title Thai Bao by the king, was remembered in history, and is the pride of the Cao Bang people. After his death, the king ordained Khau Sam Dai Vuong and built a temple. Ky Sam Temple has been recognized as a National Historical and Cultural Monument since 1993. Over many generations, the legend of Khau Sam Dai Vuong Nung Tri Cao has penetrated deep into spirituality and left a deep impression on life. cultural and spiritual life of ethnic people in the province. Ky Sam Temple Festival is one of the major festivals of the province, attracting a large number of tourists inside and outside the province to come and celebrate the spring. The festival is held with a ceremony and a festival part. The ceremony is performed from the evening of the 9th lunar day with traditional rituals restored to resemble ancient times. The festival on the 10th day of the lunar calendar every year is an opportunity for tourists to attend the festival, pray for fortune and fortune. Coming to the festival, visitors can participate in many folk games: Chinese chess, bamboo toss, bamboo swing, stilt walking, blindfolded ball hitting... In recent years, the festival has also added then singing spaces. , crafting lutes, calligraphy, local products... serving tourists from all over. In order for the festival to take place joyfully and safely, the Festival Organizing Committee assigns responsibilities to the groups and members in charge. Direct and arrange militia forces and commune police to coordinate with the Youth Union and City Police to prepare for the Festival's activities to take place well, healthily, in accordance with good customs and traditions.


De Doong Temple Festival



On March 5 (ie the 15th day of the first lunar month), a large number of people and tourists from all over come to enjoy the spring and participate in the De Doong Temple festival, Hong Viet commune (Hoa An). De Doong Temple, also known as Giang Dong Temple, belongs to De Doong village, Hong Viet commune (Hoa An). The temple was established by people a long time ago to worship the river god, stone worship, later worshiping Buddha and mother worship. Legend has it: Once upon a time there was a poor boy who worked as a fisherman. He was filial to his parents. On the day of his father's death anniversary, he went fishing in the hope of catching a catch of fish to take home for his death anniversary, but he kept casting without catching any fish. Every time he pulled the fish out, he could only find a stone shaped like two people. He clasped his hands and prayed: "If it is a god, please send a catch of fish to commemorate my father's death." After the vow, he cast a catch full of fish. Seeing that his vow had come to fruition, the young man took the stone and built a shrine in Vo Ban. On a night of heavy rain and strong winds, the temple's roof was blown off, a piece of wood flew to Riet Ri hill, from which people built a temple there. But in that place, it was far from the population, the roads were difficult, and the area was narrow and could not meet the people's worship needs, so the people in the area built a temple in De Doong village and brought the magic stone from the temple into the temple. temple to worship. In the 15th century, chief Be Khac Thieu urged people to donate to build a more spacious temple. During the Mac Dynasty's capital in Cao Bang (1593 - 1677), the army produced bricks and tiles to build citadels, palaces, temples, and De Doong temple was also repaired. In 1677, after the Mac dynasty was defeated, in order to have a place to chant sutras, recite Buddha's name, pray for the country, people's peace, favorable weather, and good crops, King Le had De Doong temple renovated to make it a place to worship. worship Buddha and worship the holy mother. De Doong Temple is also the place where the ceremony to announce and welcome the establishment of the Provisional People's Committee of Cao Bang province (June 15, 1945) took place. With its cultural and historical values, in 2008, De Doong Temple was recognized as a Provincial Cultural Historical Monument by the Provincial People's Committee. De Doong Temple Festival is held on the 15th day of the first lunar month, attracting a large number of people and tourists from all over to celebrate, pray for fortune, pray for wealth and immerse themselves in cultural and sports activities such as : Chinese chess, shuttlecock toss, soccer, volleyball...


Truc Lam Ban Gioc Buddhist Pagoda



This is the first temple built on the northern border land of the Fatherland. Inaugurated on December 15, 2014, Truc Lam Ban Gioc Buddhist Pagoda was built spaciously on an area of ​​3 hectares, leaning against Phia Nhu mountain, about 500m from Ban Gioc waterfall, with a panoramic view of Ban Gioc waterfall. At the location where the pagoda is located, you can see the rice fields and the white water of the majestic Ban Gioc waterfall amidst the mountains and clouds. The pagoda is designed in pure Vietnamese architectural style with ironwood structure, traditional brick and tile materials, traditional sword roof, and parallel sentence system in Vietnamese. The pagoda was built with all the following items: Three gates, Bodhisattva Bodhisattva Statue grounds, Three Jewels Court, Patriarch Church, Mother Temple worshiping Vietnam Trieu To Hung Vuong, Saint Tran, Eden garden, statue garden Arhat, temple of hero Nung Tri Cao - an 11th-century figure and cultural symbol in Cao Bang, who was talented in military strategy and diplomacy, and had great contributions in preserving and protecting the northern border. of the Fatherland of Vietnam. The highlight of the pagoda is the Dai Hong Chung Thien Bao bell tower made of bronze weighing 1.5 tons. This is a project that serves the spiritual and religious needs of Buddhist pilgrims from near and far, a place to find peace and tranquility.


Phai Khat Fort



Phai Khat Cao Bang Fort relic site was the place where the first match of the Vietnam Liberation Army Propaganda team took place after its establishment. Phai Khat Fort is located in Tam Kim commune, Nguyen Binh district, 7km from Tran Hung Dao forest. Here, at 5:00 p.m. on December 25, 1944, the Vietnam Liberation Army Propaganda team and local people destroyed and captured the commander and all soldiers, and captured the enemy's weapons. The victory at Phai Khat station, although not large in scale, created confidence in the victory of the liberation soldiers, marking the maturity of the armed forces as a premise for future battles. Phai Khat Fort was ranked as a national relic on January 29, 1993 and is one of the relics in the Tran Hung Dao Forest Special National Monument Area.


Van An Pagoda



The pagoda consists of two large and beautiful buildings. The pagoda gate opens to the bank of Gam River, in front of the door there is the Chinese character "Van An Tu". The pagoda was built relatively solidly, with a tiled roof and a pair of dragons flanking pearls on the roof. The trusses, trusses, and trusses on the roof are all carved with elaborate patterns, in harmony with the natural scenery. Inside the first building, in the middle is the altar of Princess Van An of the Le Dynasty, in front of the altar decorated with all kinds of umbrellas, parasols, curtains... made of fabric, on both sides are a pair of porcelain swans, next to it is a palanquin. gold plated. Behind the princess altar is the Jade Emperor altar, with a statue of the Jade Emperor sitting holding a sword, on both sides there are statues of Nam Tao and Bac Dau. To the left of the princess altar there is also an altar consisting of many statues arranged in many rows. The second building is solid with a structure made entirely of crushed wood, with a long high altar, on the pedestal is the statue of Guan Yin Buddha. Next to it are many bronze statues such as statues of Queen Mother, Tathagata, and Tich Ka Ly Buddha sitting on a lotus throne. Currently, Van An Tu is an attraction for tourists with its unique ancient architecture.


King Le Temple



King Le Temple is 11km from Cao Bang city center. The temple worships King Le Thai To (also known as Emperor Le Loi Cao). King Le's temple was built on Long mound (ie dragon mound), a high mound north of Na Lu citadel. Inside the citadel, there are 4 raised mounds corresponding to 4 names: Long, Ly, Quy, Phuong. According to legend and historical documents, King Le Temple was originally a palace in Na Lu citadel. The citadel was built by Cao Bien. In the 11th century, Nung Ton Phuc (father of Nung Tri Cao), leader of Quang Nguyen province, continued to build. During the reign of Ly Thai Tong, in the reign of Thong Thuy, in the 6th year, i.e. 1039, Nung Ton Phuc proclaimed himself Chieu Thanh Emperor and changed the name of Quang Nguyen province to Truong Sinh country; Then he built a citadel and a palace at Na Lu. In March 1039, Nung Ton Phuc was destroyed by the Ly dynasty. In 1414, the Ming invaders ruled our country. In Cao Bang, they stationed a Thai governor at Dong Lan mound, Na Lu citadel, forced the people to pay heavy taxes, suppressed and oppressed the people's lives. extremely miserable. Faced with that situation, Be Khac Thieu - a wealthy commander in Cao Bang recruited troops to stand up for an uprising, and at the same time linked up with Nong Dac Thai to organize a fight against the enemy, winning after a fierce battle at Na Khuoi. (September 1426). Be Khac Thieu proclaimed himself Be Dai Vuong, appointed Nong Dac Thai as Marshal of Nong, stationed in Na Lu citadel, sent troops to rebuild the palace in 1430. In 1592, the Mac dynasty fled to Cao Bang, Mac Kinh Cung took over. took Na Lu citadel and built a palace. After three generations living in Cao Bang, during the time of Mac Kinh Vu, he was defeated by the Le - Trinh army. The Mac Dynasty abandoned the palace and Na Lu citadel and fled to China. In the 3rd Chinh Hoa year of King Le Hy Tong's reign, in 1682, the governor of Cao Bang, Le Van Hai, asked King Le to repair the old Na Lu citadel as a temple to worship King Le Thai To (King Le Temple today). ; Take the robe and sword to worship at the throne. Before the August Revolution and during the resistance war against the French and the Americans, King Le's temple was a historical relic associated with the Party's activities during the period of national and democratic revolution. Here, in 1936, comrade Hoang Dinh Giong founded the "Anti-Imperial Youth Union". The temple is built in a triangle shape with 3 houses, 7 compartments, walls made of bricks, tiled roofs, trusses, and wooden diaphragms. Around the temple, a 600m long wall was built. In front of the temple, there are two courtyards of about 1,000m2. The temple is a place to organize festivals, focusing on cultural and artistic activities of the people in the area. King Le Temple Festival is held on the 6th day of the first lunar month every year. In addition to the ceremony held early in the morning in the presence of a large number of people in the area, the festival includes cultural and artistic activities, folk games such as Chinese chess, human chess, stick pushing, tug of war... attracts a large number of people to participate. King Le Temple is a valuable historical and educational relic of our people's traditional struggle against invaders, and at the same time a valuable cultural heritage in terms of architecture and art of the nation. This is also a place to affirm the value of cultural quintessence and pride in the history of the glorious revolutionary struggle tradition of our nation in general and Cao Bang province in particular. On April 20, 1995, King Le Temple was ranked by the State as a National Historical and Cultural Relic.


Quang Uyen Fireworks Festival



Quang Uyen Fireworks Festival is a unique traditional festival with early spring fireworks displays of communes in Quang Uyen town, Cao Bang to pray for a lucky, prosperous and prosperous new year. Every year, on the 2nd day of the second lunar month, people and tourists from all over come to Quang Uyen to celebrate the festival. Quang Uyen Fireworks Festival is the biggest festival of the year for the people of Quang Uyen district, associated with historical and spiritual elements of Bach Linh Temple. The temple was built during the Ly Dynasty at the foot of Coc Bo Mountain. During the Nguyen Dynasty, it was completely rebuilt according to Nguyen Dynasty architecture. In front of the gate are three gates, front yard, back hall and harem, horizontal panels, and parallel sentences. On the gate are engraved the three words "Hundred Spirit Temple", there is an embossed meandering dragon, built of mallet bricks (Mac dynasty bricks), there is a dragon statue holding a jade, next to it there are phoenixes and dragons gathering. The most special part of the ceremony is the "opening ceremony" for the dragon to open its eyes. The dragon was mined from a water mine (local people call it Bo Coc Chu - the water mine under an old tree). The ceremony is presided over by a reputable, elderly man and a dragon team of 15 people (3 people beat drums, one person holds a ball and 11 people dance dragons) perform the ceremony at the water mine. When going to the water mine, the dragon is not allowed to dance or beat the drum but is blindfolded with paper. When he reaches the water mine, the dragon lies down there. The master of the ceremony burns incense and prays to heaven and earth, praying to the gods to bless the local people with a year of good weather, good harvests, a prosperous and happy life, and asking to open the dragon's eyes. After the offering, the master of the ceremony cuts off the rooster's blood, rubs the blood into the dragon's eyes, then removes the paper from the dragon's eyes. At this time, the dragon's eyes are opened. After three drum beats to awaken the dragon, the dragon begins to move slowly. head to body to tail. After that, people beat drums to urge the dragon to slowly fly up. The dragon flew around the water mine three times and then entered Bach Linh temple; In the temple, offerings were made and incense was burned. The dragon entered the temple three times, then walked around the temple once before going out. The offerings include 2 roasted pigs, 1 tray of raspberries, 1 tray of eggs dyed with red food, and 1 tray of fruits. The ceremony took place solemnly with 4 palanquin processions, each palanquin had 4 people carrying it, wearing ceremonial clothes. The first is a palanquin carrying a picture of Uncle Ho, the second is a palanquin carrying a god, the third is a palanquin carrying fireworks, and finally a palanquin carrying a roasted pig, which is a reward for the winning team in the game of capturing the cannon head. Following the palanquin procession is the dragon procession. After completing the procedure of burning incense at the temple, the dragon procession departs to Nung Tri Cao Temple, Tran Hung Dao Temple, then goes throughout the street to each house. Wherever he went, the dragon was welcomed warmly and solemnly by the people. The festival took place enthusiastically with many folk games and cultural performances, such as: dragon dance, lion dance, tossing, luon singing, firecracker head painting... The typical game of the festival is the firecracker head robbery game. , the cannon head is made from an iron ring decorated with colorful tassels, the cannon is placed on a high platform, after lighting the firecracker, waiting for the cannon head to fall, the teams begin to compete for loot, whichever team can hold the cannon head? presented to the Organizing Committee as the winning team. Recently, when there was a ban on fireworks, the Organizing Committee conducted the game by standing on a high platform and tossing the iron ring (firecracker tip) to the competing teams as usual. According to local people's belief, whoever catches the firecracker bracelet will have good luck all year, become rich, have good fortune and bring great honor to their commune. Whichever commune wins will receive a reward of a roasted pig on a palanquin during the procession of the gods. The palanquin will also be left for that commune to pray for good fortune for the year. Until next year's fireworks festival, this locality will prepare a festival. Roast the pig to put on the palanquin, the dragon procession will come to take it as a procession to process the gods, and at the same time as a reward for the winning team of that year's competition. Over time, the Quang Uyen fireworks festival has existed in the minds of many generations of Quang Uyen people and has become an indispensable spiritual beauty every spring.


Qingming Festival



During the "Thanh Minh" period every year, people of the Nung An ethnic group, Phuc Sen commune, Quang Uyen district and people in the region enthusiastically participate in the Thanh Minh festival. Up to now, the Festival still retains a unique cultural activity that cannot be found anywhere else. Thanh Minh Festival is a traditional festival of the Phuc Sen people. Although we don't know when it started, legend has it: "There was a couple from the Nung ethnic group who loved each other passionately. Because of customs, their love is forbidden. Desperate, they had to seek death to be together forever." Thanh Minh Festival is an opportunity to commemorate the faithful love of a talented couple and a beautiful girl. Thanh Minh Festival is not only a meeting place for many people in the area, but many people who work far away also return to their hometown to attend to pray for good crops, peaceful villages, prosperous families and blessings. couple. Thanh Minh festival with activities such as: Folk song performance; culinary competition exchange; competition for forging agricultural production tools and some folk games: grass making competition, con tossing, tug of war... Coming to the Thanh Minh Festival in Phuc Sen commune, visitors will not only live in a unique festival space but also have an opportunity to pay respect to their grandparents and ancestors. Thanh Minh Festival has become a spiritual beauty imbued with the traditional cultural identity of the Cao Bang people, which is being preserved, preserved and promoted.


Festival Inviting Mother Moon



Inviting Mother Moon Festival, also known as Nang Hai Festival, is a major festival of the Tay people in Phuc Hoa district, Cao Bang. Held between January 30 and the main festival on March 22 of the lunar calendar. Although conducted separately for each village, visitors to Ban Gioc waterfall can still immerse themselves in this unique festival space. With the meaning of welcoming Mother Moon to bless the village so that the new harvest will be bountiful. Therefore, every year the villagers will nominate a middle-aged woman, who has a happy life and is loved by everyone to be Mother Moon. At the same time, about 20 beautiful girls were selected to transform into fairies. In addition, the two most handsome young men were also chosen to pave the way for Mother Moon and the fairies to return to heaven. During the ceremony, Mother Moon wears indigo clothes and ties a red cloth across her head. Walking on the road, you will hold a sugarcane top with a small betel bag hanging, a handkerchief, and a bowl of water with a grapefruit leaf. This water bowl and sugarcane top carry the meaning of purification according to the customs of the Tay people. Inviting Mother Moon Festival comes from the folk beliefs of the Cao Bang Tay people. Previously, agricultural production conditions were difficult and backward, so people could only pray to God to bless favorable weather and climate. Now, although technology has developed, this harvest festival is still preserved and has become a unique cultural belief in the region. Before taking place, Cao Bang Tay people had to prepare very elaborately for the festival to go smoothly. Use cards placed in the 4 corners of the yard where the prayer ceremony takes place to avoid evil spirits from entering. At the same time, the tray of offerings to Earth and the Moon ladies must also be carefully prepared and beautifully decorated. This shows the people's respect for the gods - the one who gives them peace and a prosperous life. When participating in the Invite Mother Moon festival during the Ban Gioc Waterfall tour, you will see with your own eyes the wooden boats made by local people. With the meaning of containing wealth offered to Mother Moon and 12 bouquets of flowers symbolizing the 12 nights of the ceremony, symbolizing the villagers' respect for her. Tourists traveling to Ban Gioc Waterfall from Hanoi on the day of the festival will also have the opportunity to admire the impressive national dance on the day of sending off Mother Moon and the Fairies to heaven. The lyrics were sung by the farmers themselves, but they sounded very beautiful and passionate with the hope that the next season would be more bountiful so that a bigger ceremony could be held to welcome the girls home. This is definitely a memory you will remember forever during this vacation. In addition to participating in the festival and admiring the beautiful scenery of the mountains and forests, visitors should not forget to stop to enjoy Cao Bang specialties. This place is also known as the 'cradle of Northwest cuisine'. Let's review the famous dishes of this place. Traveling to Ban Gioc Waterfall in Cao Bang during the traditional festival Inviting Mother Moon will help you gain more knowledge about the diverse cultures of Vietnamese ethnic groups. In particular, you will also retain for yourself beautiful memories of the Northwest mountains and forests, the honest, honest, hospitable people, filled with lots of love. And don't forget to enjoy the special dishes to experience the extremely impressive cuisine of Cao Bang.


Long Tong Festival



Long Tong Festival is the biggest traditional festival of the year of the Tay and Nung ethnic groups living in Cao Bang. Let's explore with BDATrip the uniqueness and traditional identity of the Long Tong festival of the people in Cao Bang. The Long Tong Festival is held on a large field to pray to the God of Agriculture to bless the people as well as to pray for a good harvest in the new year. Held from the 4th to the 10th of January, the festival has main rituals such as offering incense and worshiping gods to express respect. The festival is chaired by the person who oversees the worship of the village's Nong god. After the gong sounds to open the festival, the elders and men carry the palanquin of the God of Nong and the Village Tutelary God from the communal house to the fields. Families can also process the feast and display it on the festival ground. In the ritual of going to the fields, strong, virtuous men who are good at plowing and the strongest buffaloes will be chosen to draw the first plowing lines of the new crop, opening the door to a bumper crop. collect. After the main ceremony at the field, the Long Tong festival will move into the festival with many activities and folk games taking place. Games imbued with the typical cultural features of the ethnic people here are: shuttlecock throwing, tug of war, swinging, lion dance, martial arts dance, love song, etc. Throwing shuttlecock is the most fun folk game, played the most participants, stemming from the belief that when someone can toss a five-colored shuttlecock through the bull's eye, it will bring luck and favorable conditions to the village in the new year. Tay and Nung boys and girls play tug-of-war or divide into two sides to perform sli love-making rituals, representing rituals that mean praying for crops, praying for rain, and praying for water in traditional religious rituals from ancient times. ancient times. This is also an opportunity for people to exchange culture and arts, exchange experiences in economic development, and build a more and more beautiful life. Since ancient times, the Tong Long festival has brought unique cultural beauty, creating momentum in the work of production with a new belief in victory, contributing to preserving and promoting the national cultural identity of the homeland. scent, country. Even today, when people's lives have improved and improved, the festival still retains its traditional features and is increasingly developed, taking place more vibrantly and richly. Folk elements with traditional meaning are also preserved to introduce to tourists coming to Cao Bang. Tourists coming here during the festival season can not only admire the beautiful scenery but also learn more about the national culture, daily life of highland people as well as participate in experiencing traditional games. The space is imbued with national traditions. When visiting Cao Bang, exploring scenic spots such as Ban Gioc waterfall, Nguom Ngao cave or Pac Bo relic area, visitors should not forget to participate in experiencing the Long Tong festival of the people in this land. Hey, this talented person. Please refer to our attractive Cao Bang tours and contact BDATrip immediately. With professional services and dedicated staff, we will assist you in booking cars and air tickets conveniently and at the best prices, and also assist in applying for Vietnam visas for foreign guests.


President Ho Chi Minh relic site with the 1950 border campaign



The relic site was put into use on May 19, 2004, demonstrating the noble morality "When you drink water, remember its source" for the genius leader and beloved father of the nation. The area includes: The memorial house is designed with modern stilt house architecture, displaying images and artifacts related to Uncle Ho's activities during the campaign and the cluster of Uncle Ho's monuments observing the battle on Bao Mountain. Winter. Uncle Ho's monument is modeled after a photo taken by artist Vu Nang An, made of imitation bronze composite material, 2.8 m high, weighs 418 kg, reinforced concrete columns, the entire statue is placed on a stone pedestal. floral tiles. Go through 845 stone steps, divided into 79 steps, symbolizing Uncle Ho's 79 springs to reach the monument. Here, visitors can see the leisurely and optimistic posture of the Chairman who directly went to the front to command the glorious victory at Dong Khe post on route 4 Cao Bang - Lang Son, September 16, 1950. , opening the victory of the Border Campaign in 1950, setting the stage for the nation's great resistance. At the observatory, Uncle Ho wrote a famous poem about the nation's spirit and belief in victory: With his cane up on the mountain to see the battlefield, thousands of mountains support thousands of clouds, our army has the strength to swallow the ox and swore to destroy the invaders. Civet wolves At the relic site, there are also a pair of precious stone dragons (3.93m long, 1.15m high, 0.393m in diameter, weighing nearly 9 tons) placed on a 1.20m high stone pedestal made by artisans. Made from the ancient capital of Hoa Lu (Ninh Binh). The pair of dragons brings vitality from the sacred land of Nghia Linh, the origin of the nation - symbolizing the strength of solidarity and constantly growing attachment of the descendants of Dragon and Fairy; Expressing the respectful feelings of the people of Phu Tho province towards Uncle Ho.


Hoang Dinh Giong relic



Hoang Dinh Giong relic is located in Na Toan village, this is the place where comrade Hoang Dinh Giong was born and raised. Comrade is from the Tay ethnic group, born in 1904 and is one of the first Communist Party members of Cao Bang province and is also the person who directly trained and built the Cao Bang Party Committee. In 1925 - 1926, he was a typical patriotic young man of the people of Cao Bang ethnic groups. While studying at the Polytechnic School in Hanoi, he immersed himself in the struggle of intellectual youth nationwide demanding Release Mr. Phan Boi Chau. In 1926-1927 in Cao Bang, there was an Association to fight the West in Hoa An and Ha Quang. Comrade had patriotic activities, absorbed and conveyed Marxism-Leninism, and brought revolutionary light to the people of all ethnic groups in Cao Bang province, so he was followed and wanted by the French colonialists; He found his way to Guangxi - China. In 1928, he was admitted to the organization in China and then returned to propagate and build a revolutionary base in Cao Bang. Comrade Hoang Dinh Giong, a son of the Cao Bang people, during his activities at home and abroad, including in imperial prisons, always aimed at the goal of independence and at the moment of sacrifice remained resilient and indomitable.


Bac Ninh Cathedral



Construction began in 1889, completed in 1982, and restored in 1990. The Holy See granted the permanent privilege of pilgrimage to receive the Full Indulgence. Construction began in 1889, completed in 1982, and restored in 1990. The Holy See granted the permanent privilege of pilgrimage to receive the Full Indulgence. Location: Bac Ninh Town, Bac Ninh Province. Bac Ninh Bishop's Palace and main church are located in Ninh Xa Ward, Bac Ninh City. Bac Ninh Diocese (Latin: Dioecesis Bacninhensis) is a Roman Catholic diocese in Vietnam. Bac Ninh Diocese was established on May 29, 1883. Bac Ninh Diocese is located in 5 provinces: Bac Ninh, Bac Giang, Bac Kan, Thai Nguyen, Vinh Phuc; 3 districts in Hanoi City and a number of communes and districts in the provinces: Lang Son, Tuyen Quang, Ha Giang, Phu Tho, Hung Yen, Hai Duong. Most people in the delta and midlands make a living from agriculture. In the upland area, in addition to the main occupation of agriculture, there are also additional fees thanks to forestry products. Some large rivers flowing in the bordering area are: Duong River, Red River, Thai Binh River, Lo River, Gam River, Ca River, Day Tren River, Cau River, Cong River, Ca Lo River, Thuong River, Luc River Male. Ethnicity In the diocese and the highlands, there are a number of ethnic minorities such as San Diu, Hmong, Dao, Meo, Cao Lan, Hoa, Tay, and Nung.


Jade Well - Same Temple



“No matter who goes to the four directions. It's not as powerful as burning incense at Cung Temple." With magical and sacred stories that have been told for generations, Cung Temple - Jade Well is a spiritual destination that attracts a stream of visitors from all over, especially on the first occasion. Spring of the new year. Cung Temple - Ngoc Well in Viem Xa area, Hoa Long ward, Bac Ninh city (also known as Diem village), is a spiritual place, reflecting the worship of the Mother Goddess of the Three Palaces since ancient times. The spirituality of the Temple It has been famous throughout the people for a long time, from the Ly Dynasty, the Early Le Dynasty, the Ly Dynasty, the imperial army fought the enemy along the Cau River, came to this place to pray for islands and all were fulfilled to defeat the invaders... On Nowadays, this place attracts a large number of tourists from all over to visit, pray for love, career, good family fortune. Stepping through the three-entrance gate of the Temple, we see a harmonious, ancient architectural complex. The space here is very airy with many shady old trees, making visitors here always feel peaceful and fresh. Located in the middle of Den Cung yard is Ngoc well. On hot days, after visiting When entering the temple to make offerings, visitors often do not forget to ask for drinking water from the Ngoc well. Ngoc Well has a semicircle shape, about 20m2 wide, including 11 brick steps, 4 stone steps and 1 ironwood step near the edge of the well. At the bottom of the well is a layer of natural laterite about 10 meters deep. The water of Ngoc well is clear blue, you can see all the way to the bottom. To get water, visitors must leave their shoes and sandals on the shore and go down barefoot. Water drawn from the well can be drunk directly without filtering or boiling, and will have a cool and naturally sweet taste that is unmatched anywhere else. According to the people of Diem village, the water flowing from the mountain and seeping through layers of laterite has created a rare sweet and cool taste. Therefore, people in Diem village often take water from Ngoc well to make tea for guests and make wine for important family and clan occasions. For tourists who come to visit and worship at Cung Temple, Ngoc Well water is not simply a refreshment, but is also believed to help keep them healthy and alert. Therefore, many people bring jars to ask for well water to bring home with the hope of bringing luck and fortune to their families. Diem village is famous for being the cradle of Quan Ho folk songs. In order to have the captivating "sounding, rumbling, loud, bouncy" Quan Ho singing voice, the people of Diem village also believe that thanks to drinking Ngoc Well water but yes. Although it is not possible to confirm the true effect of the water's miracle, those who have heard the Quan Ho melodies here will not have difficulty recognizing the characteristic sweetness and calmness deep in the singers' voices. brother, sister. Although it is used a lot by tourists and people in the area, up to now, Gieng Ngoc's water has never dried up, even during the drought season. On days when the water level is low, visitors will easily see three "magic fish" swimming in the well. The reason why the fish in the well are called gods by the people is because no one in Diem village knows exactly when these three fish men existed. Villagers believe that the three "magic fish" are the reincarnations of two princesses Ngoc Dung and Thuy Tien and a maid. Cung Temple is a place to worship two princesses of the Ly Dynasty who were instrumental in founding the village and teaching the profession to the people. During the reign of King Bao Thai, he built a large temple on stone pillars, of which evidence still remains today. Later dynasties all conferred conferments on the Mother Goddess who is worshiped here. Despite the floods in 1957 and 1971, the water overflowed the well, but the three fish men still lived here without swimming away. People in the village also put a number of fish and turtles into the well many times, but strangely enough, not long after they all died or crawled away. With magical and sacred stories that have been told for generations. Nowadays, tourists from all over come to Ngoc Well Temple not only to pray for good luck and pray for good things, but also want to personally go down and ask for water in the well, take a sip to feel the quintessential taste of the well. a Quan Ho village.


Dong Ho painting village



After being printed into a painting, even when the painting is dry, the viewer can still feel the colors of the painting as fresh as when the painting was wet. The shapes and patches of one color are placed next to the other. Dear girl with a green bag, if you come to Mai village with me, you will come to Mai village with a schedule and a schedule. There will be a cool bathing pond and a profession of making paintings. Dong Ho - a familiar, lovely village name, located on the banks of the Duong River, has long entered the spiritual life of every Vietnamese person with famous folk paintings, imbued with national nuances. . Dong Ho village's paintings are not drawn according to artistic inspiration, but instead people use boards to print. To have engravings that reach a sophisticated level, someone must draw the model. Those who draw models and engrave panels require them to have a love of art and an artist's soul, especially to have high technical qualifications. The process of printing pictures is probably not very difficult because anyone can apply color to the board and then print. The paper used to print pictures is smooth-faced Do paper. Before printing, the paper was covered with scallion as the background, the iridescent scallop taken from the shells of oysters and mussels created the unique material of Dong Ho folk paintings. Italy is naturally harmonious. The blended colors used to print paintings are often taken from natural materials: for black, people have to burn bamboo leaves and then take its charcoal; The green color is taken from cajuput bark and leaves, the yellow color is taken from the rose flower, the crimson color is taken from the trunk and roots of the wine tree, the paint color is taken from mountain pebbles, the white color is scallops... In recent years, there have been some people who Painting prints used some modern colors and chemicals, so the product improved, but the color materials of the paintings were not as bright and sharp as traditionally made paintings. Even so, in just a short time the color faded. Dong Ho folk paintings do not strictly apply the anatomy, principles of light or the law of near and far of modern painting. Artists who create folk paintings are conventional in composition and color descriptions. They all use a single-line drawing style to represent, so when looking at folk paintings, we often encounter the interesting things in the naive, simple but reasonable and appropriate features. Not only are Hanoians and residents of some trendy provinces in the country who love Dong Ho folk paintings coming to visit, learn about and choose to buy, but also many tourists and people in the field of painting and fine arts. Foreigners also came to study the famous folk painting art of Ho village.


Tomb of Kinh Duong Vuong



There is an ancient relic area including a temple, the Mausoleum of Kinh Duong Vuong, who is revered as the founder of the South, opening the era of Hung Kings, brightening the Vietnamese land and rivers, located in Phuc Than hamlet, Than Thuy village, Xich Quy country (now A Lu village, Dai Dong Thanh commune, Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province) is still little known. The simple and humble temple and tomb of the Ancestor are located on a coastal area outside the dyke, about 500m from today's Duong River. The ancient mausoleum, shaded by giant trees, creates a quiet, majestic landscape. During the French colonial period, the mausoleum was devastated and bare. It was not until 1971 that the people of A Lu village had the opportunity to plan and renovate it to be spacious and airy while still retaining the imprint of ancient architecture. Kinh Duong Vuong's mausoleum is made entirely of green stone, the architecture is simple in the style of overlapping eight roofs, eight sloping blades, the mausoleum's foundation is high, and there is a protective fence around it. The front of the Mausoleum overlooks the Duong River, with stone steps up and down close to the water's edge, followed by 4 towering green stone three-door gate pillars with a pair of stone dragons bending their bodies, heads raised high, and lantern pillars on both sides. The temple is embossed with images of ancient Vietnamese people hunting and gathering, as we often see on the surface of bronze drums. Kinh Duong Vuong Temple is located inside the dyke. In the front altar, there are two great paintings: "Nam bang Thuy To" (The Ancestor of the Southern country) and "Than Tien Thien Tu" (son of Gods, Immortals and Heaven). The harem has 3 altar thrones. The middle throne worships Kinh Duong Vuong with the great inscription: "Nam bang Thuy To" (The Patriarch of the Southern country; The right side worships Lac Long Quan with the great inscription: "Hai quac Son Trang" (Wide river, long mountains); On the left worship Au Co with the great inscription: "Bach Viet To" (To Bach Viet) and a number of horizontal panels and parallel sentences in Chinese. The book Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi records that, in 1840 during the reign of King Minh Menh, the mausoleum was restored. Kinh Duong Vuong originated from the North. Nguyen De Minh was the grandson of the fourth generation of King Than Nong. He patrolled the animals in the South, married the Vu Fairy, and gave birth to a son who was intelligent and physically stronger than others. He was named Nam Duong Vuong. Loc Tuc and appointed Loc Tuc as King of the South, ruling the country since 2879 BC... The elders of A Lu village, a place that has been preserved for thousands of generations, gave incense and smoke to the mausoleum and the temple of Ancestor Kinh Duong Vuong. As far as we know, local people still retain dozens of titles of feudal dynasties, thereby affirming that this place is a royal mausoleum, annually worshiped according to national day rituals, with a royal mandarin to preside over it. The A Lu village's genealogy also states that Loc Tuc was a man with intelligence and talent superior to others. After being appointed king of the South by his father, Loc Tuc founded the Dau tribe, headquartered in Lien Lau (Luy Lau, now in Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province), named the country Viet Thuong, and called it Kinh. Duong Vuong, married Long Nu, Dong Dinh Quan's daughter, gave birth to Sung Lam. In 2789 (BC), the country's national name was changed to Xich Quy (the name of a red star, the brightest of the 28 stars in the Twenty-eight Stars), then passed away. Sung Lam succeeded his father and proclaimed himself Lac Long Quan. Lac Long Quan married Au Co, giving birth to one hundred sons, of whom the eldest son continued to inherit the throne, taking the title Hung Vuong (strong king). When he grew up, Hung Vuong saw that Luy Lau land was empty. If he won, there was a place to advance, but if he lost, there was no place to retreat, so he moved to Nghia Linh (Phong Chau, Phu Tho), had the position of relying on the slope, built a capital, and changed the country. The name is Van Lang, dividing the country into 15 parts. The hometown ministry is called Vu Ninh ministry and has been passed down for 18 generations... Kinh Duong Vuong died on January 18 (year unknown) at Phuc Khang site, Vu Ninh ministry (now A Lu village, Dai Dong Thanh commune, Thuan Thanh district , Bac Ninh province). To commemorate their ancestors, for thousands of generations, on the death anniversary of Kinh Duong Vuong (January 18 of the lunar calendar every year), A Lu villagers hold a festival to commemorate the person who gave birth to Vietnam, which is also a way of expressing gratitude. The Kings and Patriarchs gave birth to King Hung, demonstrating the principle that when drinking water, remember its source. In 2013, Bac Ninh province planned to preserve, restore and promote the value of the national historical and cultural relic complex of Kinh Duong Vuong Mausoleum and Temple, along with auxiliary services to develop spiritual and cultural tourism. elevate the festival, worthy of the role and historical position of the person worshiped here: Duc Kinh Duong Vuong - the founder of the country, the Patriarch of the entire Vietnamese people.


Luy Lau ancient citadel



Following the ancient river still called Dau River (located in Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province), visitors will come to Luy Lau citadel, which is considered the second capital of our country after Co Loa. cultural and educational center of the country since the 2nd century. On the road full of rubble adjacent to the Dau River. The scene of Kinh Bac village is quiet and peaceful with ducks fluttering on the river and eucalyptus trees whispering in the wind. If you are not knowledgeable about this land, few would expect that this pristine and idyllic land holds great cultural and historical values. Thuan Thanh is famous for many historical relics, considered the cradle of Vietnamese Buddhism. Located next to an ancient river, Dau Pagoda is the oldest pagoda, where Vietnamese Buddhism originated. That is just one of the remaining relics in the ancient citadel of Luy Lau - Vietnam's second oldest city from the second century AD. According to the book Dai Viet Complete History: "Sy Nhiep was Chinese. During the chaos, the Han king made him the Governor of Giao Chi. Because of his contributions to Chinese learning in our country, he was honored by the Confucian world, called Si Vuong, then old history recorded a separate period, called Sy Nhiep century. Luy Lau was the center, or it could be called the capital, of the country for 40 years (185 - 225). Sy Nhiep founded the first school to teach Chinese characters, spread Buddhist scriptures at the Luy Lau center, and was honored as the founder of Nam Giao Hoc. He built a dense system of pagodas, with Dau Pagoda as the center. Luy Lau citadel belongs to Thanh Khuong commune, Thuan Thanh district today. Through many archaeological excavations, scientists discovered many valuable artifacts and made an assessment: Previously, we still considered Luy Lau to be the capital of the Northern Colonial feudal regime, but in fact, this It is also an ancient city where many diverse activities of Vietnamese people take place. Not only is the value of the ancient citadel of Luy Lau known today, but in the past, the book Dai Viet Complete History also highlighted the role of the builder of Luy Lau citadel: "The historian Ngo Sy Lien assessed : "Our country's ability to practice poetry and ritual music is a civilized country starting from Sy Vuong. That merit is not only present at the time but can be passed down to future generations...". With great historical value, the state soon researched and recognized Luy Lau citadel as a national historical site since 1964. Although Luy Lau citadel dates back to the second century AD, it has passed through many years. ups and downs, subject to the devastation of nature and humans, but still retains many ancient vestiges. Mr. Nguyen Duy Nhat, Director of the Bac Ninh Province Relics Management Board, said: Luy Lau Citadel currently retains half of the old citadel with an area of ​​132,258 square meters in the southwest. The East has become the residential land of Lung Khe village. Inside the citadel there are Phi Tuong Pagoda and Binh Pagoda. The pagoda worshiping the statue of Sy Nhiep dates back to the Le Nguyen dynasty. The earthen rampart is still about 1-2m high, the rampart surface is 1.5m wide. In the citadel area, there are temples, tombs, pagodas, and four towns (4 mounds of land raised above the citadel surface). In particular, the ancient relic that still exists from the 2nd century is the stone bridge, the entrance to Sy Nhiep temple. Through a number of excavations, archaeologists have discovered many precious and dense antiques under the arable soil layer, such as: ceramics, bricks and tiles of the Han Dynasty, hundreds of bronze smelting furnaces, brick foundations of early date and traces The remains of an ancient architecture were burned... In 2006, the Provincial Department of Culture and Information had a plan to restore and embellish and by 2011 there would be a specific direction for preservation. Currently, the ancient river is shrinking due to people's activities. The citadel walls are always at risk of being invaded and destroyed by humans... Luy Lau citadel needs to be invested and restored soon to preserve its remaining historical value over time, so that future generations can understand a time period of ups and downs in the country's history.


Bac Ninh Temple of Literature



Bac Ninh Temple of Literature was built in the Le Dynasty, a period when Confucianism had an important influence on the nation's politics. This is one of the few Provincial Temples of Literature built in our country. According to the book Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi compiled by Quoc Su Quan of the Nguyen Dynasty and the stele "Restoring Bac Ninh Bi Dinh Ky" erected in the 6th year of Duy Tan (1912), it said: "Bac Ninh Temple of Literature is in the Northeast of the province. belonging to Son Phan, Thi Cau commune, Vo Giang district, was renovated in the first year of Gia Long (1802), and rebuilt in the 4th year of Trieu Tri (1844). However, over time, especially during the period when our country was invaded by the French colonialists, the Nguyen feudal court lacked care and attention, so Bac Ninh Temple of Literature was damaged and abandoned. In the year of Quy Ty, the 5th Thanh Thai era (1893), the Governor of Bac Ninh province, Do Trong Vy, from Dai Mao commune, Thuan Thanh district, mobilized literati, dignitaries, and local people to contribute. The money was transferred to the Temple of Literature to Phuc Son mountain (now in Area 10, Dai Phuc ward, Bac Ninh city). The reason this place was chosen is because according to the feng shui concept of the ancients, Phuc Son Mountain is a mountain rising in the middle of a vast, prosperous plain, a place with good fortune, and the construction of a Temple of Literature here is good for people. learning, and facilitate the province's annual offerings. Before 1945, Bac Ninh Temple of Literature was managed by the Board of Governors, headed by the Governor of Bac Ninh to take care of worship and ceremonies. Every year, the organization of sacrifices at the Temple of Literature on the occasion of the "spring and autumn two periods" is scheduled on the first day of February and the first day of the eighth month of the lunar calendar. It is a very important event of the province so it must be prepared. very thoughtful. Participating in the ceremony are the provincial and local mandarins. Before the main day of the ceremony, the Temple of Literature was worshiped by many monks, and divine flags were proclaimed from the entrance gate on both sides of the road. Offerings prepared by the Executive Council include: Buffalo, goat, pig, sticky rice, fruit, wine... On the main day of the ceremony, the Governor-General, the head of the province, takes the lead, dressed neatly, followed by the provincial mandarins. , district, truong tuan escort. Inside the Temple of Literature, the Confucian students and elders sat neatly, their parasols were solemn and resplendent. The offering time is long, strictly following each movement and process of the incense offering ceremony. After the provincial governor finished opening the ceremony, district officials, chiefs, and scholars took turns taking part in the ceremony to uphold the tradition of respecting teachers and religion of the people of Bac Ninh - Kinh Bac. Currently, the campus of the Temple of Literature in Bac Ninh is over 10,000 square meters with construction items including: The three-entrance gate is built majestically with two majestic roofs, the center of the Temple of Literature is the 5-compartment and 2-storey Pre-Test building. connected to the Hau Duong by a tube forming a Cong shape. The entire building is made of ironwood, carved with stylized rattan and leaf patterns, with themes of four sacred animals and four precious things in the artistic style of the Le - Nguyen dynasties. The back hall is a place of worship, decorated with altars to worship Confucius, the Four Spouses, and the sages and philosophers. In addition, the Temple of Literature also has the works of Ta Vu, Huu Vu, stele house, creating a complete architectural complex in harmony with the landscape surrounding the monument. In the Bac Ninh Temple of Literature, a system of stone steles is still preserved, including the screen stele "Bac Ninh province restores the Temple of Literature" and 12 steles "Kim Bang Luu Phuong". The stele "Bac Ninh province restored the Temple of Literature" built right in front of the Tien Te yard, with an area of ​​nearly 10 m2, is the largest stele in Bac Ninh province still preserved today. The stele was built by the Governor of Bac Ninh, Nguyen Dinh Quy, in 1928. The shape is made in the style of a pillar screen, engraved with words and patterns on both sides, and the decorative theme is a dragon, cloud, and four precious gems, very humorous. harmonious and sophisticated on the forehead and edges of the stele. The content of the stele tells us about the restoration and embellishment of the Temple of Literature and the contributions of individuals and localities to the restoration and construction. On both sides of the stele house are placed 12 steles "Kim Bang Luu Phuong" (Golden Table of Fame forever) engraved in 1889, recording the full names, hometowns, years of passing, and positions of 677 doctors of the Kinh region. North, from the first examination in 1075 to the examination in 1919. These are artifacts of special value in science, history and art, making an important contribution to the study of the Temple of Literature and the academic tradition. of homeland and country. In recent years, Bac Ninh province has paid a lot of attention to the Temple of Literature relics through investing funds, restoring architectural works, documenting artifacts, adding worship objects, and roads. , the landscape has been invested and expanded, making the relic site more and more spacious and beautiful. On Thuong Nguyen Tet (full moon day of the first lunar month) every year, Bac Ninh province holds an incense offering ceremony very seriously, with the participation of provincial leaders and departments and branches at the Temple of Literature. Today, Bac Ninh Temple of Literature is a regular destination for many visitors and scientists to visit and research; Many books have been published and articles have been printed in specialized magazines, contributing to bringing the image and value of the monument to the people of the country. At Bac Ninh Temple of Literature, many organizations, individuals, families, schools... regularly come to offer incense, award prizes for academic achievements, encourage learning and commemorate sages and philosophers to educate and promote the tradition of studiousness and academic excellence for the young generation of Bac Ninh - Kinh Bac hometown.


De Doong Temple



The temple belongs to De Doong village (local language means "Giang Dong"), located next to the Bang River flowing through the Hoa An basin. This basin was formed due to the activity of the Cao Bang-Tien Yen deep fault. De Doong Temple is the only place among the attractions of Non Nuoc Cao Bang Geopark, where visitors can experience life and landscape like in a village in the Red River Delta, in the middle of a mountainous area. De Doong Temple was built in 1429, initially worshiping river and mountain gods who had meritorious services to the people of Nhuong Ban district, ancient Thach Lam province. The temple is associated with calming the river, preventing floods from destroying crops, and spreading grief to the people, so King Mac Kinh Cung later named it Giang Dong temple. During the Later Le Dynasty (1427-1789), De Doong Temple was renovated and statues of Buddha and the Holy Mother were added to the worship mix, from then on the temple had the additional function of worshiping Buddha and Mother Goddess. De Doong Temple Festival carries the folk beliefs of the community with the belief and aspiration to pray for good weather, good harvests, and prosperous people, held on January 15 (lunar calendar) every year. Here on June 15, 1945, a ceremony to welcome the establishment of the Provisional People's Committee of Cao Bang province took place. De Doong Temple was recognized as a Provincial-level historical and cultural relic according to Decision No. 2486/QD-UBND dated November 4, 2008.


Kim Dong heroic martyr relic site



This is a place to remember heroic martyr Kim Dong, who had merit in protecting revolutionary cadres during the anti-French period. Kim Dong (real name is Nong Van Den) was born in 1929. On May 15, 1941, comrade Duc Thanh, a revolutionary officer, decided to establish the National Salvation Children's Team in Na Ma village, including 4 team members: Kim Dong, Cao Son, Thanh Thuy, Thuy Tien were captained by Kim Dong. In August 1942, Kim Dong had the honor of meeting Uncle Ho at Noc En cave on the mountain behind Na Ma village. He praised captain Kim Dong for his cleverness, agility, and courage. He advised Kim Dong and his fellow soldiers to help and actively protect the revolution, working while studying culture and politics so that the country can later gain independence and contribute to national construction. At 5 a.m. on February 15, 1943, while on guard duty at a meeting of the Viet Minh committee, when he discovered that the enemy was approaching, Kim Dong quickly created a diversion to protect the revolutionary cadres. The enemy opened fire, Kim Dong was hit and died, just 14 years old at that time. Kim Dong was awarded the title of heroic martyr by the Party and State in 1997. The Kim Dong relic site was built right in his hometown, including Kim Dong's grave and a spacious monument at the foot of a massive high rocky mountain range. next to the green forest, always providing shade with gentle breezes, lulling him to rest. Statue of Mr. Kim Dong wearing loose clothes and holding up a carrier pigeon, in front of the monument are 14 stone steps and 14 tall green paving trees. This place has a large yard, every year teenagers and children from Cao Bang province and the whole country often gather here to camp, play and sing.


Ky Sam Temple



Ky Sam Temple is located in Vinh Quang commune, 5km from Cao Bang city center along Pac Bo road. The temple was built to worship the famous historical figure Dai Vuong Nung Tri Cao, a Tay ethnic person, during the reign of King Ly Thai Tong (11th century). Nung Tri Cao was given the title Thai Bao by the king and assigned to guard Quang Nguyen province. After he died, the king proclaimed him Khau Sam Dai Vuong. The story of Nung Tri Cao has become legendary, related to the cause of opening up the country during the Ly Dynasty. His merits were remembered by later generations and a temple was established. Every year the festival is held on the 10th day of the first lunar month. This is a big festival that attracts people from all walks of life in the province to celebrate and enjoy the spring, with many games such as: toss, wrestling, martial arts, soccer, lion dance, dragon dance, lion dance...


Phuc Sen forging village



Phuc Sen forging village is located in Phuc Sen commune, Quang Uyen district, Cao Bang province. Phuc Sen forging village is a traditional craft village, dating back more than 1,000 years ago. Phuc Sen is a mountainous and rocky area. Stepping into the village, you can see smithies everywhere. The forges have contributed significantly to the daily life of not only the people here but also serving residents in many surrounding areas. The village's blacksmithing products are high-quality hand tools for daily life. What's special is that iron and steel tools are made here, not in high-temperature furnaces. We only use manual forges, eyes, hands and many years of experience in the profession. The blacksmith can determine the maturity of each product in the charcoal furnace so that it can be dipped in a basin of water next to the steam bath. Only then can the knives, axes, and scissors reach the necessary hardness and flexibility suitable for their uses. Hand tools from Phuc Sen craft village are present in many markets inside and outside Cao Bang province, and are highly trusted by people in the area.


Pac Bo relic



Pac Bo Thuot relic is located in Truong Ha commune, Ha Quang district, Cao Bang province, far from the city. Cao Bang 55km to the north. Pac Bo is a famous revolutionary relic, where Uncle Ho worked and directly led the Vietnamese revolution. The name Pac Bo also literally means "mouth of source". Pac Bo has Coc Bo cave, which President Ho Chi Minh chose as his residence after more than 30 years traveling abroad and returning to the Fatherland (February 8, 1941) to directly lead the Vietnamese revolution. Relics in this area include: - Bo Bam Cave, Co Rac Beach, Coc Bo Cave - Lenin Stream, Cac Mac Mountain. - Suoi Nam: Where President Ho Chi Minh directly trained officials and held many important meetings of the Central Committee. Walking on mossy rough rocks along the stream bank where Uncle Ho often sat to work and fish, you will reach a wooden bridge across the mouth of Coc Bo stream. This is the origin of the Lenin stream. Pac Bo Cave appears on the jagged rocky mountainside. Standing outside the cave entrance looking down, on the twilight cliff you can still see His words: "February 8, 1941". That was the day Uncle Ho came to this cave, a small, damp and cold cave, located deep in the ravine, not many people paid attention. About 1,000m in front of Pac Bo cave entrance, there is a small shack on the side of Khuoi Nam mountain. Here Uncle Ho convened the Eighth Central Conference, issued a resolution to prepare for an armed uprising, and establish the Viet Minh and the Revolutionary War Zone. A few steps away from this small shack is the Vietnam-China border - milestone 108. Here, Uncle Ho bent down to hug and kiss his beloved homeland after many years of separation. At that time, Uncle Ho was 50 years old and his hair was misty. Visiting this historical site, visitors gain a deeper understanding of the great life of President Ho Chi Minh, so that in their memories they will live forever his optimistic revolutionary poems: "In the morning, going to the stream bank, At night, entering the cave, the porridge with bamboo shoots is still ready. The unsteady stone table translates the Party's history. Revolutionary life is truly luxurious."


Tran Hung Dao forest relic area



Tran Hung Dao Forest Special National Relic Area is located at the foot of Slam Cao Mountain in Tam Kim and Hoa Tham communes (Nguyen Binh district, Cao Bang province) and about 50km southwest of Cao Bang city. This is where a system of relics associated with a particularly important historical period of the Vietnamese revolution is preserved and has now become a red address on the journey to Cao Bang. Tran Hung Dao Forest Special National Relic Area is the place marking the establishment and activities of the Vietnam Liberation Propaganda Team (VNTTGPQ Team), the predecessor of the Vietnam People's Army. At the same time, this is also the place associated with the life and revolutionary career of General Vo Nguyen Giap - an excellent student of President Ho Chi Minh. The relic area includes 5 important points: Tran Hung Dao forest relic cluster (including the location of the establishment of the Vietnam Liberation Army Propaganda Team, the rest shack and kitchen, the water mine for domestic water, and Slam Cao Peak); Tham Khau Cave (Tam Kim commune) - was once used as a communication station, serving meals to revolutionary comrades; Phai Khat Fort (Tam Kim commune) - where the first battle of the Vietnamese Liberation Propaganda Army team took place (December 25, 1944); Na Ngan Fort (Hoa Tham commune) - the place marking the second victorious battle of the Vietnam Liberation Army Propaganda Team (December 26, 1944); Va Pha relic (Tam Kim commune). With these historical values, in 2013, the Prime Minister decided to classify Tran Hung Dao Forest Historical Relic (Nguyen Binh district, Cao Bang province) as a special national monument. Since then, the work of preserving, restoring and promoting the value of relics has received special attention from the locality through upgrading the road from Cao Bac Pass and the route from Provincial Road 34 to the relic site, constructing and Putting into use the reception houses and memorial houses. In particular, the Exhibition House at the relic, after being completed and put into use, has contributed to honoring and paying tribute to the previous generation, while preserving, embellishing and promoting the value of the relic. Artifacts here are displayed centrally, ensuring true scientific and historical value according to 3 themes: Cao Bang - Country, people and traditions; The process of formation, birth and operation of the VNTTGPQ Team; Glorious traditional heroic army. Coming to Tran Hung Dao Forest Special National Relic Area, visitors will not only learn about glorious historical traditions with many relics but also explore and admire the beauty of the primeval forest. With an area of ​​over 201.7 hectares, Tran Hung Dao forest still retains its wild beauty with fresh air and is a destination for thousands of domestic and international tourists. Deep under the canopy of ancient trees is the stele house of 34 soldiers of the VNTTGPQ Team, the rest shack and the kitchen simulating the simple daily life of the soldiers. Following a small slope about 50 meters is a natural water mine, also a water source for soldiers, which has been producing cool and clear water for many years. Also in Tran Hung Dao forest, a 300-year-old ancient crocodile tree that was closely associated with the daily life of the VNTTGPQ Team was recognized as a Vietnamese Heritage Tree. Over the past 75 years, the vestiges from the early establishment of the VNTTGPQ Team have always been respected and preserved by ethnic minorities in Cao Bang province, contributing to educating the spirit of patriotism and revolutionary traditions for the following young generations. This. The vast primeval forest spreads out each tree canopy, covering the sacred relics of the arduous revolutionary activities of General Vo Nguyen Giap and the VNTTGPQ Team.


Dong Khe relic area



The Battle of Dong Khe was the Viet Minh's largest fortified attack on the enemy from the day of independence until 1950. The battle marked the development of the Viet Minh army, serving as the basis for the formation of the Viet Minh army. become a strategy later. Located on a high hill in Dong Khe town, Thach An district, Cao Bang province, Dong Khe station was the place where the opening battle of the Autumn-Winter Border campaign took place in 1950, creating a premise for the resistance war. greatness of the nation. The Dong Khe Fort relic cluster includes relics that are mainly the enemy's blockhouse system and underground bunkers along with many other works such as fence systems, fortifications, station gates with 12-gun fire emplacements, and other locations. enemy troops and garrisons. Dong Khe is an important base on France's National Highway 4 defense line. The enemy force consisted of 2 companies of legionnaires and a platoon of puppet troops, equipped with 105mm, 57mm guns, mortars and other powerful firepower. From September 16, 1950, Chief of General Staff Hoang Van Thai directly commanded the Dong Khe battle to destroy the Dong Khe stronghold cluster, isolate the enemy in Cao Bang, and create conditions to attack enemy reinforcements on Highway 4. This battle takes place in 2 phases. Phase 1, from 6:00 a.m. on September 16, 1950 to dawn on September 17, 1950. We destroy the peripheral strongholds; Continuously attacked the enemy, captured 5 forward posts, but could not develop them. The enemy concentrated firepower and counter-attacks to retake 3 posts, causing us many difficulties. Moving to phase 2, from 5:00 p.m. on September 17, 1950, the front commander ordered Regiment 174 to change the direction of the breakthrough from the North to the Northeast to restrain the enemy and concentrate forces to destroy the enemy in the center. , at the same time changing the main direction of attack to the East. At 3 o'clock on September 18, our artillery fired at enemy targets in the center. In all directions, our soldiers volunteered to attack and many brave fighting examples appeared such as Ly Van Muu, La Van Cau, and Tran Cu. Faced with the fierce attack of our troops, the enemy had to retreat to the command house to defend themselves. At 4:30 a.m. on September 18, our troops penetrated deeply to occupy the Command Post, forced the remaining enemy to surrender, and arrested the base commander and staff officer. At 10 o'clock the same day, we took control of the battlefield and the battle ended. After more than 2 days of fighting with siege tactics, we captured Dong Khe base, broke an important link on the French National Highway 4 defense line, eliminated 300 European and African troops from combat, and captured all weapons. The victory of the Dong Khe battle created decisive conditions for the campaign to develop, forcing the enemy to withdraw from Cao Bang, creating an opportunity for us to destroy enemy reinforcements in the next stage. Historians later assessed that the Dong Khe battle was the largest attack on the enemy within our fortified fortifications since independence until 1950. The battle marked the development of the Viet Minh army. , as a basis for later tactical formation. With great historical significance, Dong Khe relic has been recognized as a national revolutionary historical relic of Vietnam.


Nguom Ngao Cave



Nguom Ngao Cave is located inside a mountain in Gun village (Dam Thuy commune, Trung Khanh district, Cao Bang) nearly 5 km from Ban Gioc waterfall. The cave was discovered in 1921, put into tourism exploitation in 1996 and recognized as a national scenic spot in 1998. The cave has a very strange name, Nguom Ngao, but hidden under this name is an interesting story. Nguom Ngao Ngao in Tay language means "Tiger cave". Legend has it that, in the past, there were many ferocious tigers living in the cave. They often entered the surrounding villages to capture livestock from local people. The people set traps to catch all the tigers and have since lived peacefully. Therefore, the Tay people named the cave Nguom Ngao. However, there is also a legend that the roaring sounds created by the sound of the flowing stream in the cave sounded like the roar of a fierce tiger, so the people named the cave Nguom Ngao. Nguom Ngao is a priceless gift that nature bestows on Cao Bang. The cave has a total length of 2144 meters, including 3 main gates: Nguom Ngao, Nguom Lom and Ban Thuon. According to scientific researchers, this cave is a limestone cave formed about 400 million years ago. In the summer, the temperature in the cave makes visitors feel cool, in the winter it is very warm. Stepping into the cave, the natural landscape with many strange stalactites will make visitors feel overwhelmed. Countless stalagmites grow from the bottom up, stalactites hang down from the high stone arches in many shapes, reflecting shimmering, magical light. In particular, the stalactites in the cave have a completely different color from the caves on the mainland. On the other hand, due to the amount of calcium mixed with many impurities. The rocks are inanimate but allow human imagination to freely fly and travel with rocks that resemble human figures, forest trees, animals, fairies combing their hair, lotus buds, breast milk, etc. The two most attractive spots for tourists to take photos are the upside-down lotus flower and the lonely stone column. The story goes that once upon a time, there was a Buddha who sat on a lotus and practiced endlessly without attaining enlightenment. Because he was so bored and discouraged, he turned the lotus upside down, and he turned into a stone pillar standing next to it. And from there, it is said that if one can catch the drops of water falling from Buddha's hand and then rub it on his face, that person will have a lot of luck. The deeper you go into the cave, the more sparkling and captivating the beauty becomes. There are many nooks and crannies that only one person can pass through, or there are stalactites from the ceiling of the cave that suddenly block the path, forcing you to bend over to get through. The unique feature that forms the highlight of Nguom Ngao scenic spot is the terraced fields formed by limestone floors that have been eroded and weathered for millions of years. Sometimes, visitors will encounter small streams in the cave and the sound of gurgling water sounds very pleasant. Everything is completely natural, without human intervention, so Nguom Ngao cave becomes even more attractive, with majestic and magnificent beauty. Although Cao Bang province has only put into operation about 1km for tourists to explore and visit, Nguom Ngao cave is still a tourist destination not to be missed when coming to Cao Bang.


Ban Gioc Waterfall



Ban Gioc Waterfall is located in Dam Thuy commune, Trung Khanh district, Cao Bang province. Ban Gioc is the most majestic and beautiful high waterfall in Vietnam. Vietnam's Ban Gioc Waterfall is famous as one of the largest natural waterfalls in Southeast Asia. The waterfall possesses a beauty that blends majesty and fierceness with gentle dreaminess and deep lyricism. About 335km from Hanoi, Ban Gioc waterfall is located in Dam Thuy commune, Trung Khanh district, Cao Bang province. This is a group of waterfalls located on the Quay Son river, at the border between Vietnam and China. From a height of more than 60m with the longest slope of 30m, large bodies of water pour down through many layers of rock, rolling and flowing like sparkling white silk strips, softly winding between the immense green of the mountains and forests. During the rainy season (around May to November), Ban Gioc waterfall has a majestic and fierce beauty. September - October is the ideal time to explore Ban Gioc waterfall full of clear blue water with water flowing with white foam like mist, dimly covering a large area. From December to April of the following year is the dry season, The water is gentler and calmer. At this time, Ban Gioc waterfall is as beautiful as "a sleeping princess in the forest". Each stream of clear blue water pouring down, along with successive golden fields at the foot of the waterfall, creates a poetic and lyrical scene. Visitors can choose to leisurely admire the scenery on rustic rafts or go on excursions. by kayak on the Quay Son river. Cao Bang is not only attractive by its natural scenery but also attracts tourists by unique indigenous cultural experiences such as: learning about the customs and habits of the Tay and Nung communities; listen to people tell about the legends of this land; Enjoy the sweet, profound Then melody, dancing hand in hand next to the flickering fire; Enjoy the rich, flavorful cuisine of Cao Bang's mountainous region... Coming to Cao Bang to explore Ban Gioc waterfall, visitors should not miss the opportunity to enjoy the cuisine here, famous for its specialties of bass fish. incense sticks, 7-flavored roasted duck and countless other snacks such as banh xeo, banh che lam, ant egg cake... Amidst the vast green landscape, Ban Gioc waterfall appears as beautiful as a fairyland, making my heart flutter. people, promising to bring visitors fascinating experiences when coming to this place.


Bac Ninh ancient citadel



Bac Ninh Ancient Citadel, a typical military art architectural work of Bac Ninh province, was built in 1805, during the reign of King Gia Long of the Nguyen Dynasty, on the territory of Do Xa villages, Vo Giang district (now Ninh ward). Xa), Hoa Dinh village, Tien Du district (now in Vo Cuong ward) and Yen Xa village, Yen Phong district (now in Ve An ward), the above places are now in Bac Ninh city. This was the first ancient citadel in Vietnam built according to a hexagonal plan and was one of the four most beautiful citadels in the Northern region at that time. The citadel has an area of ​​545,000 m2, a 9-meter high wall made of soil and stone, later replaced by brick and stone, surrounded by a deep moat. The citadel has 4 gates, each gate has a bridge across the moat. Inside the citadel, there are divisions including the guard camp, the observation post, the gunpowder warehouse, and the community house. According to history, during the Nguyen Dynasty, Bac Ninh Citadel was the center of the administrative management apparatus of the two provinces of Bac Ninh - Thai Nguyen. During the French colonial period, clearly identifying the important position of this citadel, on May 16, 1925, the governor-general of Indochina signed a decision to classify Bac Ninh citadel relics as a typical architectural work of art. In August 1945, after being invaded by Japan, the people of Bac Ninh surrounded the Japanese army in the citadel, launched an uprising to seize power, and forced the Japanese to return the citadel. In the history of the struggle of the Vietnamese people, Bac Ninh Citadel was once a particularly important military position, located in the Northern defense line, protecting the Capital, preventing invading armies at the gateway. Thang Long Imperial Citadel. This is also a political and military center, the headquarters of Kinh Bac town (now Bac Ninh province). Bac Ninh Ancient Citadel is also a place that marks events associated with the province's development process and the revolutionary movement of Bac Ninh province led by our Party. In 1980, the Ancient Citadel was ranked by the People's Committee of Ha Bac province as a typical historical and architectural monument and assigned to the People's Committee of Bac Ninh town (now Bac Ninh city). By 2005, the People's Council of Bac Ninh city issued Resolution No. 23/NQ-HDND on protecting and promoting the value of historical relics of Bac Ninh ancient citadel. However, up to now, this Citadel has never been repaired or embellished; In particular, human encroachment has caused the relics to become increasingly seriously degraded. The remaining vestiges of Bac Ninh Ancient Citadel are three city gates, part of the wall and a series of deep moats, two cannons, of which the most prominent is the front gate with a lookout tower and a flagpole nearly 20 meters high. The values ​​and current status of Bac Ninh ancient citadel in particular and other cultural heritages are posing urgent requirements in developing plans to preserve and promote cultural values, and promote resources for implementation. implementing the strategic goal of making Bac Ninh become a centrally run city. Preserving and embellishing the ancient citadel of Bac Ninh is a practical work, contributing to rapid and sustainable socio-economic development, turning Bac Ninh into a civilized, modern urban area and aiming for sustainable development. solid...


Tieu Son Pagoda



The pagoda is called Thien Tam Tu, often called Tieu pagoda, located in Tuong Giang commune, Tu Son town, Bac Ninh province, 20 km north of Hanoi along National Highway 1A. The pagoda was built during the Ly dynasty. The pagoda was a place for meditation and teachings of many great monks of the Ly Dynasty, such as Zen Master Van Hanh. The book Dictionary of Vietnamese Cultural Relics (Hanoi, 1993) introduces this pagoda as the abbot of Zen Master Van Hanh and also the birthplace of King Ly Thai To. The Zen master was instrumental in nurturing and educating Ly Cong Uan from childhood to adulthood, later becoming the king who founded the Ly dynasty. Ancient history said that at Cam Tuyen Institute, Thien Tam Pagoda, there was a dog that gave birth to white puppies with black spots in the shape of the two words "Thien Tu", which corresponds to the fact that King Ly Thai To was born in the year of Giap Tuat and then became king. The temple was renovated several times. The pagoda includes: the pagoda gate, the main hall, the Patriarch's house, the stele house, the Avalokiteśvara station, the tower garden and other works. The current temple gate was built in 1986; The Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara monument was built in 2001 in the middle of a large lake in front of the pagoda; The Patriarch's house was built in 2002 and the main hall was built in 2003. At the pagoda there is a stone stele (0.68m high, 0.40m wide) engraved with four words: "Ly Gia Linh Thach", dated Canh Thinh's original year ( 1793) recorded the story of Ly Cong Uan. The Buddha hall is solemnly decorated, worshiping statues of Tam The Buddha, Amitabha Tam Ton...; altars to worship Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara, Avalokiteśvara cave, altar to Dharma Protector, altar to Venerable Ananda and altar to Elder Anathapindika. On Tieu Mountain, there is a statue of National Master Van Hanh sitting in meditation, 8 meters high, facing Thang Long citadel, built in 1992. The pagoda once kept printed boards of the book Thien Uyen Tap Anh, a work recording about famous Vietnamese monks. Nam has value in literature, history, and philosophy. In particular, the pagoda still keeps the tomb tower and the body of Zen Master Nhu Tri, who passed away in the year of the Cat (1723), the abbot of the pagoda, who was instrumental in engraving and printing the book Thien Uyen Tap Anh. On March 13, 2004, the body of the pagoda was preserved. He was invited by Associate Professor Dr. Nguyen Lan Cuong to move to Due Khanh Pagoda, Noi Due Commune (Bac Ninh) 3 km from the pagoda to carry out a renovation and preservation project. The work was completed on September 26, 2004. When renovating, the processes of wrapping, wrapping, cutting, lining, and donating are fully and carefully demonstrated with 13 layers of paint and silver plating. The original statue weighs 34kg and has a sitting height of 78.5cm and is placed in the Patriarch's house in a gilded box with a 10mm thick sealed glass box, filled with nitrogen gas for protection. The center of the Vien Tue Tower stele built by the Truc Lam Zen sect in 2004 at the stupa of Zen Master Nhu Tri said that he may be a disciple of Zen Master Chan Nguyen, the abbot of Long Dong Pagoda in Yen Tu according to the verses transmitting the Dharma. : Clear Truth, Suchness, Hai Kim Wall, Universal Illumination, Clear Path, Righteousness, Enlightenment, Realization of Emptiness. The pagoda has been recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national historical-cultural relic.


Sung Phuc Pagoda



Sung Phuc Pagoda worships Nguyen Thi Due - the only female doctorate in the history of Vietnamese feudal examinations, who passed the exam at Ban Thanh Cao Bang National School (Mac Dynasty). Sung Phuc Pagoda, originally Sung Khanh, was built during the reign of King Tran Nhan Tong (1279 - 1293) on Po Kien mountain behind Na En village, surrounded by ancient green forests in all four seasons. During the Tran Dynasty, Buddhism flourished, the pagoda mainly worshiped Buddha and worshiped those who had meritorious service in guarding the border areas. During the reign of King Le Hien Tong (1740 - 1786) in the reign of Canh Hung, the pagoda changed its name to Sung Phuc and was moved to the fields of Huyen Du village (now in Thanh Nhat town, Ha Lang district, Cao Bang province). Sung Phuc Pagoda was built in a Nhi-shaped style, surrounded by double walls made of fire-resistant bricks, the walls were built in a closed style. The pagoda has a three-entrance gate and a harem built according to the architecture of the Le Dynasty, with relatively simple decorative patterns. The pagoda currently worships Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara, and in the back palace there is a statue of Lady Buddha. Right in the left area worships the Thanh Hoang, Mr. Nguyen Thanh Vuong, also known as Nguyen Dinh Ba, from Binh Dan village, Khoai Chau district, Hung Yen province. When he held the position of Tri Chau Tu Lang, history books recorded: He had the merit of recruiting people to reclaim land and build a village, and was honored by the people as the village's Fairy Cong Thanh Hoang. Continuing to gain the trust of his superiors and the admiration of the people, he held the position of Dong Dong in Cao Bang. In particular, the pagoda also worships Nguyen Thi Due (from Kiet Dac village, now Van An commune, Chi Linh district, Hai Duong province) - the only female doctorate in the history of Vietnamese feudal examinations, who passed the exam at Ban Thanh Cao Bang National School (Mac Dynasty). According to historical records, during the Mac Dynasty, King Mac Kinh Cung opened Ban Thanh National School (now Ban Thanh) every three years to organize incense contests, festival contests, and communal poetry contests. For 85 consecutive years (1592 - 1677), the School opened 12 examination departments and trained many talented people, including female Doctor Nguyen Thi Due. When she was young, Mrs. Nguyen Thi Due followed her father to Cao Bang. Being a studious person, she disguised herself as a man and changed her name to Du, asking to study with a teacher named Cao who was also from Hai Duong. In the year of the Dragon (1616), several teachers and students took the exam together. As a result, teacher Cao passed second, and she ranked first. After passing the exam, she was invited to the palace to attend a banquet to welcome new graduates. During the banquet, the king discovered that she was a girl pretending to be a man. But because he was impressed by her talent, the king invited her to Dong Lan palace to teach the princes and princesses and married her, giving her the title Tinh Phi (Sao Sa). In 1625, King Mac Kinh Cung was captured by General Trinh Kien of the Le Dynasty and taken to Thang Long for treatment. After that, Ms. Due ran back to Ha Lang and became a monk at Sung Phuc Pagoda, taking the Dharma name Dieu Huyen, her last name is Du, and the name Huyen Du village is also named after her. During her time at the pagoda, she often taught ethics and preached Buddhist scriptures to the people of this area. In the year of the Goat (1631), knowing that she was in Ha Lang, Lord Trinh Trang welcomed her to Thang Long and conferred the position on her. Exam Ceremony. At the end of her life, although King Le and Lord Trinh Tac both wanted to keep her in the capital, she firmly refused, because she wanted to return to her homeland. After her death, her grave was buried in her hometown of Hai Duong. Later, to commemorate Ms. Due, the people of Ha Lang (Cao Bang) cast a statue of her to worship in the temple. Under the reign of King Le Hien Tong, the court bestowed this worship complex and later three Nguyen dynasties: Duy Tan, Dong Khanh, and Khai Dinh were also ordained. This is also a rare feature in temples in Vietnam. Currently, in the pagoda there is a stone stele engraved during the 43rd year of King Le Canh Hung's reign. The stele has content in Chinese characters, recording the history and restoration of the pagoda, the tradition of protecting the Fatherland and the epiphany. The protection of the guardian god has brought a prosperous and peaceful life to the people. The stele has been recognized as a National Historical and Cultural relic in Decision No. 68 QD/BT dated January 29, 1993. Up to now, the pagoda has been renovated many times and holds the Tam Tong Festival every year. the 14th, 15th, and 16th days of the first lunar month. On the main day of the festival (January 15), people in the province and tourists from all over come to enjoy the festival in great numbers. Sung Phuc Pagoda Festival is very rich with many contents such as: Incense offering ceremony, organizing palanquin procession of Bodhisattva Bodhisattva, palanquin procession of Thanh Hoang... In addition, the festival also has dragon dance, lion dance, and unicorn dance. ... and typical local folk games. Not only is it a place to worship Buddha and people with meritorious services on the land of the border, Sung Phuc Pagoda is also a place where people remember and worship female Doctor Nguyen Thi Due - a virtuous woman in feudal society, the "goddess" Sao Sa" in the hearts of the Vietnamese people.


Da District Pagoda



The pagoda was built in the early 17th century, during the reign of King Can Thong (Mac Kinh Cung) to worship Duke Mac Ngoc Lien, a famous general who had meritorious service to the Mac dynasty from the beginning to the end of a dynasty. This pagoda is located in Da Quan hamlet, Hung Dao commune, Cao Bang town (formerly in Hoa An district), built in the early 17th century, during the reign of King Can Thong (Mac Kinh Cung) to worship Cong Da Quan. Mac Ngoc Lien, a famous general who contributed to the Mac dynasty from the beginning to the end of the dynasty. Ancient history records: The pagoda is located in Da Quan village, Xuan Linh commune, Thach Lam district, year-round with incense and smoke to give thanks to people who have contributed to the country, and at the same time worship the gods who support the country, people, and good crops. . Opposite Da District Pagoda is Vien Minh Pagoda, worshiping concubine Duong Tu Minh, during the Ly Dynasty, who was instrumental in eliminating the enemy and preserving peace in the remote border area of ​​Cao Bang. In the pagoda there are two bells four meters high, five inches high, eight meters nine inches in circumference, estimated to weigh one ton. On the bell, there is an inscription written in Chinese characters, praising the beauty of the ancient Thach Lam continent. This pagoda was built during the Ly Dynasty, was restored during the Le Dynasty, was renovated during the Nguyen Dynasty, and was restored again in 2007. Every year on the 9th of the first lunar month, the pagoda opens the Spring Festival, people from all over come to visit the festival to pray for fortune and longevity, to watch love-making songs, fun dance performances, and martial arts sports.


Phat Tich Pagoda Festival



Phat Tich Pagoda, the literal name is "Van Phuc Tu", belongs to Phat Tich commune, Tien Du district, Bac Ninh province. Phat Tich Pagoda plays an important role in the history of Vietnamese Buddhism, being the place where the first traces of Buddhism from India were transmitted to our country. Ancient books tell the story of the Indian monk Khau Da La in the 2nd century AD who set up a monastery to practice at Phat Tich mountain, using secret mantras to pray for favorable weather and wind for the Vietnamese people, showing that Phat Tich pagoda was immediately Since the beginning of the Common Era, it has been in the area where the meeting of Indian Buddhism and indigenous beliefs took place. Every year on the 4th day of the Lunar New Year, Phat Tich people often hold a traditional festival to commemorate the contributions of their predecessors who founded and renovated the pagoda. During those jubilant spring days, visitors from all over came here to worship Buddha, everyone came here to pray for a happy new year with health, success in work, and for their families to be happy and prosperous. In addition, coming here, visitors can also enjoy the beautiful scenery of the Kinh Bac region or participate in festival games such as wrestling, playing chess, swinging, singing quan ho... Not only is it known as an ancient temple because Rich in sediments and valuable treasures, Phat Tich Pagoda, Tien Du district also attracts tourists from all over with the Peony Festival in early spring. Legend has it that: In the past, the Phat Tich mountain area and Phat Tich pagoda garden grew thousands of peonies. Every year, when spring comes, peonies bloom bright red in every corner of the sky. People from all over come here to enjoy the flowers and the scenery of the pagoda. In heaven, the fairy Giang Huong saw the beautiful earthly scene and asked to come down to earth to attend the pagoda festival. But accidentally, Giang Huong broke a peony branch in the middle of the temple door, so the monk kept her. Tu Thuc then took off his coat to atone for her sins. Touched by the noble gesture of the gallant and elegant young man, Giang Huong asked him on a date and invited him to her "land" to get married. And since then, the poetic love story "Tu Thuc meets a fairy" has lived on forever with the Peony Festival of Phat Tich Pagoda. Phat Tich Pagoda Peony Festival aims to promote traditional cultural values ​​in Tien Du district. Through organizing cultural activities, Quan Ho singing, folk games such as Chinese chess, cockfighting, and traditional wrestling to create a vibrant competitive atmosphere among the people. Thereby contributing to arousing local people's pride in cultural heritage; At the same time, encourage the people to promote patriotic emulation movements, actively work and produce, and complete the economic and social development goals in 2017. Besides, the organization of the festival contributes to creating A highlight to attract local tourists to attend and promote spiritual tourism to attract investment sources for local socio-economic development. Phat Tich Pagoda Festival is held according to traditional rituals combined with cultural activities, arts, and traditional educational folk games in accordance with local customs and traditions to ensure fresh air. Strong for tourists to worship temples and festivals. In addition, the Organizing Committee strictly prohibits all activities that exploit spirituality, superstition, disguised gambling... affecting the sanctity and sacredness of the festival. This year, the Phat Tich Pagoda festival is held from the 4th - 5th day of the first lunar month, the 4th day is the main festival. In particular, the ceremony of offering incense at places of worship and belief is carried out by pagodas and Buddhist Associations. Tomorrow evening, the 5th day of Tet, there will be a great Dharma conference to pray for peace in the country and people, and for peace for the people. people, Buddhists... Along with the ceremony, the festival is organized with traditional cultural and artistic activities, serving people traveling to celebrate the spring festival.


Dau Pagoda Festival



Dau Pagoda is the first pagoda of Vietnamese Buddhism, evidence of the lineage of Vietnamese Buddhism originating from India. Every year, on the 8th day of the 4th lunar month, which is considered the birthday of Buddha Shakyamuni, people in the area enthusiastically and jubilantly hold the Dau Pagoda festival. This is a big, famous festival that has entered the folk song: "No matter where anyone goes, whoever sees the Dau pagoda tower, they will return. No matter who trades hundreds of jobs, April the eighth day, they will return to the Dau festival." Dau Pagoda is also known as Dien Ung, Phap Van, or Co Chau, located in Thanh Khuong commune, Thuan Thanh district. This is considered the earliest pagoda formed in Vietnam when Buddhism was first introduced, preserving many ancient architectural works such as Luy Lau ancient citadel, Si Nhiep's tomb, a system of pagodas, temples, palaces, stupa... Dau Pagoda Festival is held very solemnly and on a large scale on the 8th - 9th day of the 4th lunar month on a large scale in three communes in the Dau - Luy Lau area (Thuan Thanh): Thanh Khuong, Tri Qua , Ha Man with 5 large pagodas worshiping Phap Van, Phap Vu, Phap Loi, Phap Dien and To pagoda worshiping Mrs. Man Nuong - mother of Tu Phap, with Dau pagoda as the center. This is considered the oldest festival that still exists today. History books say that kings and lords often came here to attend festivals, worship Buddha, and pray for the island. Even the Phap Van statue was brought back to Thang Long capital many times to pray for the island. The festival is held with solemn and solemn ceremonies in accordance with traditional customs to commemorate the day Buddha Mother Man Nuong gave birth to a daughter. The main activity of the association is that the villages organize the procession of statues of Phap Van (Mrs. Dau), Phap Vu (Mrs. Dau), Phap Loi (Mrs. Tuong), Phap Dien (Mrs. Dan) from their village pagodas to gather at the temple. Dau Pagoda, the procession includes worshiping horses, fan flags, parasols, palanquins and tribute bowls, coming from all directions.... The most special and impressive thing is that when arriving at Dau Pagoda, the game "mother chases child" takes place. The palanquins of Mrs. Dau, Mrs. Dau, Mrs. Tuong, and Mrs. Dan, each palanquin runs 3 times and then returns to its original place. Then the most anticipated "water robbery" game took place, when the signal was given, the palanquins of Mrs. Sam, Mrs. Dau, and Mrs. Rain raced to carry each other to the three gates. The lady who comes first in the palanquin procession gets the water and wins. People believe that if it's Mrs. Dau, that year will have a good harvest, if it's Mrs. Tuong, that year the fields will be very wormy, there will be many leeches, and business will be difficult. Besides, the commune people also organize the procession of "Buddha Thach Quang" and "Buddha of the Four Dharmas" to Man Xa pagoda (Man Nuong's mother's hometown to worship ancestors), "circling tour" procession... Dau pagoda festival is an indispensable need. indispensable in the spiritual life of the people of the Dau region. Because it is not only the need to find Buddha and immerse yourself in the vibrant and typical folk community cultural activities, but also the important meaning of praying for all the best, praying for good weather and wind - a lifelong wish of agricultural residents.


Dinh Bang communal house festival



This is an ancient communal house built in the early 18th century, still retaining many unique architectural features of the Le - Trinh dynasties, and is also a place where the communal house festival is regularly held in the second lunar month every year. When the festival drums sound on the morning of the 12th lunar day, the sacrifices take place continuously until the festival ends. The main sacrificial offerings are sticky rice and boiled pork. On the night of the 13th, there is a custom of sacrificing a pair of live pigs. After the sacrifice, the pig is slaughtered and divided equally among the "shops" who bring the meat to each house. In particular, during communal house festivals, Dinh Bang villagers also set aside a day to welcome their "brother" from Cam Giang (Hai Duong) to attend the festival. This is an ancient cultural feature of the Vietnamese people that is still preserved through the custom of "making love" - ​​similar to the current twinning movement between localities - demonstrating the hospitality tradition of the Kinh Bac people. On the communal pond are gorgeously decorated boats with brothers and sisters, and there are always two people assigned to compete. The rowers and people sitting in the boat add background singing. In the warm spring breeze, with the strong scent of rice, the sound of Quan Ho singing soars richly and passionately, echoing on the waves of the lake, making the singers and listeners drawn into a joyful atmosphere, full of vitality. . If Quan Ho singing shows the spirit and artistic ability of Kinh Bac people, wrestling symbolizes the strength of the Vietnamese people that has existed for thousands of years. In no time, the several days of communal house festivals were over. The Quan people sing a farewell song, but it's only a temporary farewell. In the spring, the festival atmosphere is still strong, just click your fingers and you will come to the Den Do festival in the middle of March with a grand scale and containing many discoveries for you.


Dong Ho Painting Village Festival



Spring travel is the traditional beauty of our people. Every time spring comes, trees, flowers and leaves seem to burst with intense vitality, this is also the season of "fun". Traveling to Bac Ninh comes to Kinh Bac, where preserving traditional national values, ancient temples, and unique festivals. If the Lim festival is famous for its traditional turbans, long-sleeved hats, and peach silk camisoles in sweet, passionate songs, then Dong Ho village festival with its folk paintings is widely visited. interested guests. When mentioning Dong Ho village, Song Ho commune, Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province, people immediately remember the village's traditional folk painting profession. Dong Ho village is located right next to the bank of the Duong River, in the past it was only a dyke away from the river, which is the idea in the sentence "If there is a river to bathe in, there is a profession of making paintings". Nowadays, due to the sedimentation of the river, it is quite a distance from the dike to the water's edge. Dong Ho village festival also has a long history and is held every year. Like other villages, Dong Ho village festival offers ceremonies and commemorates the village's tutelary god. In addition, the village festival is also like the death anniversary of the village's jewelry making profession. At the festival, artisans have the opportunity to interact and discuss about the craft of painting. The painting profession is closely associated with the village communal house, which is an ancient communal house, a place to worship the village's Thanh Hoang, but most notably, although the communal house still plays the role of the common roof of the village community, it has become so unique because it is closely linked to the profession of painting production. Therefore, it is often called by the evocative name "Picture Pavilion" and was built by Dong Ho folk painting artists for about three hundred years. The communal house, located in the west of Dong Ho village, looks to the north. At first, the communal house had 7 worship halls and 2 harem rooms, two rows of herbs on the left and right sides (each row has 5 compartments). In 1950, the communal house was destroyed by the French invaders. Currently, the Temple only has 5 worship halls and 2 harem rooms. The architecture is in the style of the letter "Ding". The communal house's gate is built in the "Tam Mon" style, above the three arches are elegant curved roofs. Adjacent to the communal house gate is a semicircular well, surrounded by bricks, high banks and very convenient steps. The symmetrical yet harmonious yin-yang philosophy and the charming landscape of the Dong Ho people - Artists may have been vividly expressed through the inclusion of the semi-circular well in the overall works in the area. Family Village. In the communal house, there are still many precious relics such as: Worship items, incense burners, great pagodas, horizontal panels, a set of precious bowls painted with red lacquer and gorgeous gold card... On the courtyard of the communal house, there are also two stone steles and epitaphs recording the relics. The village's fairies and sages, those who have many merits in building village communal houses... In particular, according to Bac Ninh tourism experience, this is also the place where painting markets take place throughout the year with diverse and colorful products. rustic but no less attractive and unique. Tourists come here to buy satisfactory paintings as souvenirs. The village's festival is usually held on three days, the 14th, 15th and 16th of the third lunar month. At the village communal house yard, women wearing ao dai perform a festival ritual. Going inside, some tourists were amazed to see "huge" votive objects such as horses and boats placed in easy-to-observe positions. In the communal house, there are quite a few votive items, from very delicately made items such as gold and silver sticks to common votive items for offerings. From the beginning of March, Dong Ho villagers started making votive products to display at the festival. Preparing for the festival, each family is assigned to make an item. The process of making items is an opportunity for families to gather together and share with each other daily things in life, business and trade. In the past, Dong Ho village had 17 different families living together and all followed the profession of making paintings. But today, because paintings cannot be sold, most families have switched to making votive goods, with only a few remaining in communal houses still keeping the tradition. During the festival, people display and sell Dong Ho folk paintings in the communal house yard. Building a thatched bridge in the communal house symbolizes exchange and harmony. The village festival also has traditional rituals such as god sacrifices, horse contests, and picture contests that are very fun. The village also has folk songs such as: "Hey, you go on the main road. Stop to admire the scenery to melt away your sadness. Buy brightly colored scrolls. Buy chickens and pigs that compete to lay many eggs." It can be said that horse competitions take place at the communal house. Dong Ho is a very unique folk cultural activity. Through the festival, both the religious and professional rituals of a craft village are demonstrated, and at the same time a vivid proof of the long-standing formation and development of Dong Ho folk painting production. The special value of the thatched pavilion is multiplied because of that.


King and Queen Temple Festival



The annual Quan Ho Patriarch Temple Festival is organized by Diem village (ie Viem Xa village, Hoa Long commune, Bac Ninh city) on the 6th of the first lunar month. King Ba Temple Festival is the biggest and most important festival of Viem Xa village (Hoa Long-Yen Phong). The King Ba Temple Festival is also the only Quan Ho festival in the Quan Ho area, because this is the Quan Ho Ancestor Festival. All activities in the festival are directly related to Quan ho. From early morning, the sisters wore scarves, their faces were radiant, shy behind the straps of their hats, gracefully dressed in colorful four-piece dresses, together with the brothers turbaned and chiffon, singing melodies. Mandarins welcome guests from all over. King Ba Temple Festival is held on the 6th and 7th days of the second lunar month. Legend has it that the 6th day is the day the King was brought down to Viem Trang hamlet (Viem Xa village today). She is the daughter of King Hung Vuong. When she was about to get married, many people came to propose. His father immediately organized a bridge robbery festival to choose his son-in-law. But she did not agree to marry the winner and asked her father to let her travel around the country. As soon as she and her maids left the capital, there was a storm of heavy rain and strong winds, blowing the whole group of people into the sky, then falling again on Viem Trang hamlet. Viem Trang at that time was a wild land, with mangrove trees and reeds luxuriant and dense. She cleared up wasteland and beaches, established fields and villages, built wives, and gave husbands in marriage to everyone. She taught people here how to farm, grow mulberries, raise silkworms, and grow sugarcane to produce honey. She composed songs and taught young men and women to sing. After she passed away, the villagers built a temple to honor her as the Queen Mother, the Queen Mother - the Patriarch of Quan Ho, and the village's tutelary god. The main day of the festival is the 6th, but from the afternoon of the 5th, the villagers held the temple opening ceremony, incense offering ceremony, and praying for rain to wash the temple. The people of Viem Xa village believe that this ceremony to pray for rain to wash the temple is very effective. Indeed, the night of the 5th and the morning of the 6th were few years without rain. The next morning when the King's procession departed, the sky was also clear. The sacrificial ceremony on the morning of the 6th always includes Quan ho singing praising the merits of the Ba King, praying to the Ba King for favorable weather and good harvests. Singing for worship at the King Ba temple festival is only allowed in the La that voice (Viem Xa village calls it the A that voice). Later, the villagers also staged and performed the legend of King Ba outdoors, not inside the temple. In the performance, there are also sentences belonging to the odd and minor voice system that carry the content of love between men and women. The Diem Festival begins with the opening ceremony of King Ba Temple (the ancestor of Quan Ho folk songs). In sequence, the villagers organize to collect water from the Ngoc well in the temple and conduct a water procession around the village, through village communal houses and temples. Then return to King Ba Temple. During the procession of Communion, people and tourists can immerse themselves in a space rich in Quan Ho qualities. Outside the village pond, at Cung Temple or inside the village, from all the small alleys, the loving, smooth melodies of ancient mandarin songs can be heard. Every year, Diem village has up to 4 festivals in the months of January, February, March, August and the special thing is that every festival has the participation of Quan ho and all sing according to traditional ways. This traditional way of living is preserved because Diem village not only maintains the existing relationships and exchanges, but also expands exchanges with Quan ho in neighboring villages on the festival day. It can be said that Quan Ho is the "magnet" that attracts visitors from all over the Diem Association. Quan ho singing is an activity throughout the festival. That's why Hoi Diem, although only a festival for a village, has become a cultural meeting place for thousands of visitors from everywhere.


Ba Chua Kho Temple Festival



Ba Chua Kho Temple is located on the slopes of Kho mountain, in Co Me village, now in Vu Ninh ward, Bac Ninh city, Bac Ninh province. Co Me village has a cluster of ancient religious buildings called communal houses, Co Me pagoda and Ba Chua Kho temple, all of which are ranked as national historical relics. The village communal house worships Saint Tam Giang, the pagoda worships Buddha and the Ba Chua Kho temple worships Ba Chua Kho - legend has it that she was instrumental in keeping the food warehouse for the Ly army on the Nhu Nguyet front line and heroically sacrificed on the 10th day of the first lunar month. The villagers remembered to build a temple. Co Me is an ancient village, the residents here make a living by cultivating wet rice. This is also an original Quan Ho village. Traditional customs of ancient Co Me village have 3 main events in the year: - January 12 is the Temple festival - January 15 is the Pagoda festival - August 10 is the Communal festival. The pagoda festival is a big festival of the village with rituals: erecting a phoenix tree at the pagoda, making offerings to Buddha and organizing Buddhist performances. The fun activities in the festival include fairy tales and tug-of-war, but the most popular attraction is the Quan ho singing program of Co Me village welcoming Quan Huu Chap friends and organizing repartee singing sessions at the "Breath" that lasts all night long. . The communal house opens in August, with the custom of carrying water from the Cau River to the communal house to make holy offerings all year long. Participating in the procession are young men and women elected by the village, carrying palanquins containing water to the riverbank. Then 4 young men (2 men, 2 women) carried the dog to the boat, rowed it to the middle of the Cau River, took water into the dog, and then took it back to the communal house with a very solemn ceremony. Co Me Temple Festival, also known as Ba Chua Kho Temple Festival, opens on January 12. On this day, Co Me villagers offer offerings to Ba Chua Kho and worship at altars in the temple area. At the same time, organize rituals to prepare for the Pagoda festival - the biggest festival of the whole village on the full moon day of the first lunar month. Since the Ba Chua Kho temple relic was ranked by the state as a national historical and cultural relic, the Ba Chua Kho temple festival has become a major festival of Co Me village and Bac Ninh province. The pagoda festival and communal house festival of Co Me village are only maintained by the villagers according to regulations, while the entire population focuses on organizing and serving the ceremonies of visitors at the temple. Offerings to Ba Chua Kho take place almost throughout the year. Every year, in the early days of spring, visitors from all over flock to Ba Chua Kho temple, reaching tens of thousands of people every day. Going to the festival and the festival of Ba Chua Kho, everyone prays that she will help the family be safe, have a prosperous business, and become rich and prosperous. With that belief, many guests have generously donated their merits to the temple to contribute to the renovation and embellishment of Ba Chua Kho Temple to make it more dignified and perfect. Regarding the Ba Chua Kho temple ceremony, especially on the occasion of the temple festival held by the people on January 14 (a common rule of both the temple and Co Me pagoda), you can not only pray to Ba Chua Kho to bless the prosperity of business. achieve, but also participate in many typical festival activities of Bac Ninh province that are opened on the occasion of Ba Chua Kho temple festival, such as Lim festival, Eagle festival, Hoa Dinh festival, Huu Chap village tug-of-war festival and contest. Early spring Quan Ho singing organized by the province.


But Thap Pagoda Festival



But Thap Pagoda Festival is a traditional festival held annually on the 23rd and 24th of the third lunar month every year at But Thap Pagoda, in Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province. With activities rich in traditional culture, the festival contributes significantly to preserving and promoting national cultural identity. Activities during the But Thap Pagoda festival are held according to traditional, solemn rituals and in accordance with contemporary life. The ceremony takes place in the inner temple area with religious activities such as: worshiping Buddha, offering incense, worshiping altars to pray for blessings, worshiping ancestors... After performing the rituals, admire the architecture. The pagoda's unique art such as: stone bridge, rice mill, pen tower, thousand-eyed, thousand-armed Guan Yin Buddha statue - a rare national treasure, visitors can also immerse themselves in the vast space of the pagoda. Festival section with cultural and artistic activities such as: singing Quan ho on the Dragon TV; Cheo singing along with many art performances, mass cultural exchanges, unique folk games and sports competitions such as Chinese Chess, Tom Whore's Nest, Table Tennis, Badminton... These activities Not only attracts people in the province, but also has the participation and exchange of many art and sports troupes in neighboring provinces... But Thap Pagoda is ranked as a National Historical and Cultural Monument by the Prime Minister. especially in 2013. The pagoda was built very early, during the Tran dynasty. Around the years 1642 - 1674, the pagoda was rebuilt on a large scale by the nobles of the Le Dynasty, with an architectural plan of the "inner Cong and foreign national" style. After many renovations, the current architecture of But Thap Pagoda is basically that of the 17th century, including the following items: Three gates, bell tower, front hall, incense burner, upper palace, Tich Thien temple, middle house, palace. altar, back hall and two corridors on both sides. In addition to its architectural value, the pagoda still preserves hundreds of artifacts, with many types of materials, dating from the 17th to the 20th century, including nearly 100 statues, especially National Treasures. The Buddha statue with a thousand hands and a thousand eyes is a masterpiece that represents the Buddhist artistic heritage of the Le Trung Hung period.


Viem Xa mandarin village



Viem Xa mandarin village (also known as Diem Xa) now belongs to Hoa Long commune, Yen Phong district, Bac Ninh province. The village has the Ngu Huyen River flowing like a silk strip and then merging with the Cau River, reflecting the Kim Son mountain at the top of the village, creating a charming landscape of mountains and water. Viem Xa is the original Quan Ho village and the founder of that folk song is King Ba, who is currently worshiped by the people at the temple also on Viem Xa land. Here, from the underground, precious relics have been found such as delicate cutting axes, sharp dagger blades, elaborate vase handles, and magical lapis lazuli beads. Prominent is the Cung temple area (including the altar and Fairy Well) located right at the beginning of the village at the foot of Kim Son mountain, the Viem Xa communal house relic located right in the front of the village with the parallel sentence: "The gods built Diem village, spread Through the ages, it has been bestowed across heaven and earth." In front is a lake that has now been carefully built with embankments and culverts, and is used as a place for boating and singing quan ho during the festival. In particular, the relics of King Ba's temple located a few hundred meters from the village communal house, although not a massive structure, are the center of reverence and respect not only for the people of Viem Xa but also for the whole Quan Ho area. King Ba Temple is an ancient architectural work of the Le Dynasty with embossed architectural decoration and simple carvings, but still preserves many precious artifacts such as the statue of King Ba, ordained tablets, parallel parallelograms, and offerings. quite enough. The people of Viem Xa village are proud of their hometown as the cradle of the Quan Ho family. Through all the rain and sun, the village still strives to preserve the simple but bustling Temple of the Quan Ho Lady all year round. Generations of Quan Ho artisans of Viem Xa village have always been aware in their rustic and loving hearts of the natural mission of living to the fullest with their homeland's folk songs, doing everything possible to preserve them. and develop the precious heritage that has become the common property of the nation.


Dai Bai bronze casting village



The ancient Dai Bai bronze casting and mound craft village is called Van Lang village or Buoi village, in Gia Binh district, Bac Ninh province. Dai Bai village is about 37km from the center of Hanoi capital. Visiting Dai Bai craft village, you will have the opportunity to visit and shop for very creative bronze products: from worship, decoration, feng shui to all kinds of high-end bronze paintings and statues. Starting from the craft of casting brass, the craft village was taught by the founder of the craft in the past how to cast bronze to make simple items such as brass, pots, pans... until the early 11th century thanks to the work of Mr. Nguyen Cong Truyen, a villager. Respected him as "Tien Master", because he was the one who knew how to organize production for craft villages and create models. Thanks to that, Dai Bai bronze village organized more advanced production with more creative designs and created many new products such as bronze statues, bronze tops, incense burners, flower vases, paintings, bronze couplets... Currently, in addition to traditional handmade copper processing. With access to modern manufacturing technologies such as corrosion pattern making, shape stamping, polishing, color coating, and PU coating, Dai Bai Craft Village has created a variety of products with a rich level of detail. Sophisticated and highly productive. Therefore, the products in Dai Bai craft village also have good prices and high durability, but still have artistic value through the complete production of products by hand with each blow of the artisan's hammer. Ensure the lines express the soul of the product. With the desire to promote and preserve the cultural identity of Dai Bai Bac Ninh bronze, Vietnamese Fine Arts helps customers, wherever they are, to buy Dai Bai Bac Ninh bronze made from genuine craft villages. 100% guaranteed quality and 10 year warranty.


Dong Ky village festival



The village festival is held on the 4th day of the first lunar month every year. Although it is only a small-scale festival, Dong Ky Village Festival is still famous throughout the country because it maintains its unique traditions. Previously, the festival lasted for weeks, but in recent years, the festival has focused most on the 4th day of the first lunar month. Dong Ky village's firecracker procession is the most typical activity that the people of the richest craft villages in Bac Ninh region have preserved to this day, and is the traditional ritual most expected by many people during the three days of the festival (the first day of the festival). 4, 5, 6 of the first lunar month). The previous firecracker making and fireworks contest commemorated and re-enacted the days when Saint Thien Cuong - the general later worshiped by the people as the village's tutelary god - ordered troops to fight the enemy. The festival actually begins on the 3rd day. Early on the 3rd day of the first lunar month, the procession to invite Holy Thien Cuong to Trung Temple was solemnly carried out. The fireworks procession is the most unique feature of Dong Ky village festival. All work for the Fireworks Procession Ceremony was prepared early on the 4th, but at exactly 9:00 a.m., two large firecrackers were carried by the young men in the village from the house of the funeral leader (Head of the Festival Committee) to the communal house. with a funeral group of hundreds of people in the witness and excitement of thousands of guests from everywhere. The most jubilant of the Cavalry Council is the procession of firecrackers, but the cultural and sports activities around the area where the village festival takes place are no less exciting. Coming to Dong Ky on festival days, you can listen to Quan Ho singing on the boat all day on the 4th and the mornings of the 5th and 6th. This is also an opportunity for the village Tuong troupe to freely perform to serve the people. Tuong plays are performed right in the communal house's courtyard. Every night the village stage is lit red. Sometimes in the afternoon, Tuong drums resound, urging everyone to come and watch. In particular, both Quan Ho and ancient Tuong stories are performed by villagers. The Traditional Wrestling Tournament attracted dozens of wrestlers from 7 provinces to compete; Badminton, volleyball, Chinese chess, Cockfighting... demonstrate healthy culture in Dong Ky village festival


Le Phung Hieu Temple



Do Thong Le Phung Hieu Temple is located in Hoa Dinh area, Vo Cuong ward, Bac Ninh city, which was built a long time ago, but has been restored and embellished in recent years. The temple also preserves many valuable antique documents reflecting on the people being worshiped, especially two stone stele named "Genesis of the six saints" dated Thanh Thai 13 (1901) and the stele named "The Tragic Legend" dated Tu Duc 33 (1880), the content records the person being worshiped as Do Thong Le Phung Hieu and two famous Ly dynasty names. Le Phung Hieu was born on January 8, Nham Ngo year (982) in Bang Son village, Hoang Hoa district, Thanh Hoa province. From an early age, he loved martial arts such as boxing, sword dancing, and knife throwing. He grew up to be a healthy person, with superior martial arts skills. When King Ly Thai To heard this news, he sent someone to invite him to Thang Long capital and promoted him to the position of Vu Ve General. In 1028, Ly Thai To died, the court carried out the king's instructions to support Crown Prince Phat Ma to ascend the throne (ie King Ly Thai Tong). But the three kings, Dong Chinh Vuong, Duc Thanh Vuong and Vu Duc Vuong, pulled their palace troops to besiege Thang Long citadel to cause chaos (old history called the Tam Kings rebellion). Crown Prince Phat Ma came from Truong Phu gate to Can Nguyen palace, knowing that there was a change, so he ordered people to close all the palace doors, and said: "I have not been ungrateful to you, but now the three kings are doing such unjust things." , forgetting the emperor's instructions to plot to take over the throne, what do you think? Everyone in the inner palace would like to go out and fight a battle to decide whether or not to lose. Le Phung Hieu alone and one horse rushed straight to the gate of Quang Phuc and killed Vu Duc Vuong. The troops of Dong Chinh Vuong and Duc Thanh Vuong were so scared that they ran away. After suppressing the Tam Vuong rebellion, the throne was protected. King Ly Thai Tong appointed Le Phung Hieu the title of "Doctor". In 1044, the Champa army invaded our country, Governor Le Phung Hieu assisted the king in fighting the enemy. When he returned victorious, the king rewarded him with titles and benefits. But he only asked to climb up the Ice Mountain and throw the big knife far away, and wherever it fell, he would be allowed to eat there. The king agreed, he went up to Ice Mountain and threw the knife more than 10 miles away and landed in Da Mi village. The king gave that land as a "real hamlet" and from then on, the custom of "Thac Dao Dien" arose. After that, he led troops many times to fight the Champa invaders and returned victorious. He lived wholeheartedly and loyally to the king. He knew what was beneficial for the people and the country and discussed it with the king. He was 77 years old. After losing people in many places, he built temples. Hoa Dinh Temple has long been famous among people for its traditional festivals. In the past, every year on the 6th of February (lunar calendar), Hoa Dinh communal house held a festival. Right from the 5th day, the villagers organize an ordained procession from Trung Quan temple to the communal house and procession of thrones and palanquins from the temple to the communal house for worship. The colorful procession is complete with flags, parasols, parasols, precious bowls, gongs and drums. On the afternoon of the 5th, the "naturalization" ceremony took place. During the festival days, after the ceremony, there is a festival with folk games such as: wrestling, tree swinging, cheo opera, quan ho... In particular, on the morning of the 6th, there is the custom of "worshiping objects": The village chooses 2 elders in the festival. The village was still healthy and beautiful, the family was peaceful and "worshiping objects", immediately after that, young people in the village and cultivators from all over came to participate in the offering. Although the prize is not very big, the winners are considered lucky all year long. This custom is related to the belief of worshiping Le Phung Hieu who is good at martial arts. Governor Le Phung Hieu had many contributions to the Ly dynasty. His name and merits are not only preserved in history books, but also recited by the people. Kinh Bac - Bac Ninh was once the place where he wandered as a child and was stationed to fight the enemy, so many villages worshiped him as village tutelary god, typically Hoa Dinh temple.


Phuc Lam Pagoda



Phuc Lam Pagoda is an ancient pagoda, located in the west of Tam Tao village (Phu Lam commune, Tien Du district, Bac Ninh province). Up to now, the time of construction is not really clear, we only know that the first major restoration was about 500 years ago. Phuc Lam Pagoda has the shape of the word Son, eight roofs, eight corner beams. On both sides there are two rows of left vu and right vu, each row has 5 compartments. Behind the pagoda is the 4-compartment Patriarch's house. The front hall consists of 7 rooms and 2 shelves. The columns and roof frame are made of sturdy ironwood. The roof blades are exquisitely carved in the shape of four sacred animals, four precious animals... In the pagoda, there are also many precious antiques such as Tam The statue, stone stele, pair of stone lions... In front of the pagoda door is an incense tree also made of stone, not yet intact. dating. In addition to the main items, the pagoda also has the Tam Quan gate with three large Chinese characters: "Phuc Lam Tu" with ancient features, along with the Quan Am pavilion, tower garden... In front of the Tien Duong building and on the left side of the pagoda yard, there is a painting. The letter is embossed with three Chinese characters "Clergy Hall". Opposite the scroll, on the other side of the temple yard (also to the right of the Front Hall) and one knee into the Front Hall, is the Church. In the temple grounds, there is a tower garden, an ancient banyan tree, and a three-entrance gate. In the temple garden there is also a very beautiful well. In front of the pagoda, there is also a thousand-year-old temple. The pagoda was restored in 2009, but still retains its ancient features. Phuc Lam Pagoda is one of the large-scale pagodas of Phu Lam commune. An old story tells that Dao Dat and Dao Minh were two generals who helped King Thuc An Duong Vuong fight the Northern invaders. When Co Loa citadel fell, the two generals retreated to Tam Tao village to seclude themselves and open teaching classes. The current Church was built by the people of Tam Tao village on the old ground, where there was a house for classrooms and also where two generals of Thuc An Duong Vuong lived in the last years of their lives and then died here, to commemorate remember the merits of those who both fought the enemy and defended the country and catholicized the people of Tam Tao village. After Dao Dat and Dao Minh passed away, the villagers built a small five-compartment village next to the pagoda, where incense and smoke will last forever. Thus, it is very likely that the Dao Dat and Dao Minh temple was built right after the Au Lac kingdom of King Thuc An Duong Vuong fell (around 208 or 179 BC). If counted up to now, it is almost two thousand years old. This data also provides additional basis to predict the time when Phuc Lam Pagoda was built. In 2016, Phuc Lam Pagoda (Phuc Lam Pagoda) was recognized by the People's Committee of Bac Ninh Province and granted the title of Provincial Historical - Cultural relic.


Communal house - Khuc Toai Pagoda



Located in the cradle of cultural history, Khuc Toai has long been famous among folk as a household carpentry village with the saying "Ma Dong Ho, furniture of Choi village". It is also the original mandarin village with famous brothers and sisters who are talented and elegant... However, Khuc Toai's rich history and culture have been crystallized and shined in the complex of ancient communal houses and pagodas. of the village. Khuc Toai communal house and pagoda are located next to each other to form a complex of ancient and solemn relics in the middle of the village, facing southeast: In front are ponds and large fields with four lush rice seasons. Behind is the "Choi" bridge, the "Choi" market that has entered the subconscious of Kinh Bac people: Choi bridge, according to the stele of the village communal house, was built on a large scale during the Le Trung Hung period in the "noble" style. Ha Kieu" to connect the hamlets of the village together to make it more dense and cozy. This bridge has great architectural and artistic value, so it was photographed by the Institute of the Far East for preservation and research. Choi Market used to be famous among the people for its market day on January 8 with many goods and the custom of "eating rolls". Khuc Toai pagoda not only has a beautiful landscape, but also stands out for its historical, cultural and artistic values. Khuc Toai Pagoda's literal name is "Dien Phuc Tu", according to the stele, it was once a fairy tale landmark of Kinh Bac. According to legend, the locality was built on a large scale by Dr. Nguyen Thuong Nghiem of the village during the Le Dynasty; Therefore, the villagers worshiped him as Late Buddha at the temple. Dien Phuc pagoda also preserves many rare antiques: Buddha statue system of the Le and Nguyen dynasties; statue of Dr. Nguyen Thuong Nghiem; stone stele, stone incense stick, stone incense tree; especially the bronze bell bearing the name of the pagoda with the date "Phuc Thai 6" (1648) and this is one of the oldest bells in our country. On the body of the bell is engraved in Chinese characters a poem telling about the fairy tales of our country such as: Bao Thien Tower, Quynh Lam Pagoda, Pho Minh Tower, Pha Lai Pagoda and the treasures of the "An Nam Four Treasures" of these famous names. blue fairy top; also engraved Minh's poem praising the rich and civilized homeland of Khuc Toai. Khuc Toai communal house was also built a long time ago, but during the Nguyen dynasty it was restored and expanded on a large scale. On the first sentence of the Pre-Test building, there is still a line of Chinese characters engraved with the year of restoration "Duy Tan Quy Suuyen" (1913). This is a unique and typical artistic architectural work of the Nguyen Dynasty that is still preserved today. The Dai Dinh building has an architectural plan in the style of "Ding-shaped walls and Cong-shaped roofs" with layers of curved roofs curving gracefully beside the wharf and river. The communal house's frame is made of ironwood, ornately decorated, and the art of carving is concentrated in the Tien Te court. The ancient artisans of Khuc Toai craft village, using many artistic techniques: embossed, filigree, perforated, and canal carved, have shown their creative talent at the communal house. Architectural parts such as roofs, beams, pillars, ends, lines, and sevens are decorated with carved decorations. The front altar has 2 roofs in the middle with a "stack of beams" structure and the ends of the beams are all embossed with flowers and leaves with generous touches. The side compartments have a "vanilla" style roof embossed with a tiger-faced dragon's head with a large convex face, a blooming nose, a long beard, mane and hair flying up fiercely. The image of a tiger-faced dragon is meant to enhance its majesty. the sacredness of the communal house. The remaining ends touch the head of the pearl-holding dragon with skillful touches. The middle room has two fronts shaped like two large dragons with full details of head, body, and tail; But the scales on the dragon's body make flowers and leaves bloom. The two or seven porches in the middle are embossed with the image of a half-bodied dragon curled up in the clouds flanking the pavilion. The other seven heads are embossed with leaf dragons. In particular, the hammock door in the middle is carved with many themes of Confucianism, Taoism, and Taoism such as: Two dragons flanking the moon, dragons, phoenixes, dragons, eight treasures... The carving art of Khuc communal house Toai not only demonstrates the talents of ancient artisans, but also conveys the dreams of a prosperous and prosperous society. Along with the value of sculptural architecture, Khuc Toai communal house also preserves many precious antiques such as 20 royal decrees conferred on people worshiped as Saint "Tam Giang", saints "Quy Minh", "Trung Giang". Hue", "Dong Vinh" (the earliest dating is 1730, the latest is 1924), 3 stone steles dated Bao Dai 3 (1928) tell about the restoration of the communal house in the Nguyen Dynasty; Many precious ancient worship objects such as incense burners, altar altars, altar palanquins, super swords, precious bowls, and tribute bowl palanquins are unique works of art of the Le and Nguyen dynasties. Besides the outstanding values ​​of sculptural architecture and antiquities, Khuc Toai pagoda communal house also has great value in terms of traditional festivals. The annual pagoda festival on January 14 and communal house festival on January 6 are famous "quan ho" festivals of Kinh Bac. The complex of Khuc Toai communal house relics with great multi-faceted values ​​of architectural sculpture, antiquities, and festivals is not only a unique cultural feature of a craft village once famous among the people, but has contributed to creating a typical cultural feature of Bac Ninh homeland.


Dam Pagoda



Dam Pagoda, or Ram Pagoda, in Nam Son commune, Bac Ninh city, Bac Ninh province, is a great landmark since the Ly dynasty and is an important relic of Bac Ninh province today with a history of nearly 1,000 years. According to bibliographies and historical books such as Viet su ky, Dai Viet su ky toan thu, Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi, Lich Trieu Hien Chuong Loai Chi, in the first year of Quang Huu (1085), Nguyen Concubine Ly Y Lan was walking around. Dai Lam Son intends to build a pagoda. In 1086, the Ly court ordered the construction of the pagoda. The following year, 1087, King Ly Nhan Tong visited the pagoda under construction, held a party, and wrote the poem "Lam Son night banquet". After ten years of construction, in 1097, Dam pagoda was completed, the king gave the pagoda the name Canh Long Dong Khanh, and gave 300 acres of self-filled fields (fields belonging to the pagoda) so that the pagoda could have flowers, flowers, incense, and smoke and seven families living next to it. Under the mountain, they were assigned to specialize in closing and opening the temple doors. In 1105, three stone towers were built at Lam Son pagoda. For a long time afterward, the pagoda always received special favor from the royal court, so the pagoda was increasingly expanded in scale. King Tran Nhan Tong once visited and poetically praised this twelve-layer architectural painting.


Dai Bi Pagoda



Dai Bi Pagoda is also known as To Pagoda or Tay Pagoda, located on the alluvial ground, about 1km from the south bank of Duong River, about 100m from the foot of Duong dike, now belongs to Van Ty village, Thai Bao commune, Gia Binh district, Bac Ninh province. According to ancient documents, the pagoda was originally built by Huyen Quang in the year of Quy Mao (1305) on a beautiful land west of his house on the occasion of returning home to visit his parents and named "Dai Bi Pagoda" with the meaning of virtue. Buddha's great compassion, Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva saved his parents and returned to Buddhism. Dai Bi Pagoda has been renovated and embellished many times, the earliest imprints on the current architecture are from the Le and Nguyen dynasties. In the temple grounds, there is also the "Tam To Temple" - a place to worship the three Patriarchs of the Truc Lam Zen sect, "Tran Nhan Tong, Phap Loa and Huyen Quang". After the pagoda, in 2005, people restored the communal house to worship the three tutelary gods, famous generals who had the merit of defeating the Thuc invaders during the reign of the 18th Hung King. Dai Bi Pagoda has a unique architecture, the Three Jewels Pagoda has an architectural structure. The mallet style includes the front hall of the upper palace, facing south looking up to the Duong River dyke. This is an architectural work restored during the Nguyen Dynasty and still preserved quite intact to this day. The front hall consists of 5 compartments, 2 wings, 4 curved roofs, the roof is covered with three Chinese characters "Dai Bi Pagoda", in front of the door is an open table in all 5 compartments. The front hall frame is made of ironwood, the sets are made in the style of "gong and gong rack" style with 8 rows of horizontal columns and 4 rows of vertical columns. The husband and wife statues are decorated with stylized floral and leaf carvings. The middle of the front hall is connected to the upper hall, the side rooms have statues of the Dharma Protector, Monsignor and Saint Hien. The harem is connected to the middle of the front hall, which consists of 3 rooms. Here, brick shelves are built that gradually lower from the inside out to place a system of worship statues. In the statue system here, some are newly carved by people, the rest are Nguyen Dynasty statues. The arrangement of statues is similar to many pagodas in the Northern Delta, however some statues are not placed in the correct position in accordance with the spirit of Buddhism. Located on the right side of the Three Jewels, away from a fairly large yard, is the Patriarch's temple. This is the place to worship the three ancestors of the Truc Lam Zen sect. The temple faces west, the mallet-style architectural structure includes 3 front temple compartments and 1 back palace compartment. The frame is made of ironwood, on the columns there are still original lines of Chinese characters engraved with the names of those who contributed to renovating the temple. Because the roof is made in the style of husband and wife gong racks, hitchhikers guarding the walls, mainly smoothing the structure. sharp. At the temple, in the harem is a large altar, in which is placed the statue of the Three Patriarchs, meticulously carved, and splendidly painted with gilded vermilion. In the examination room, in the middle is the statue of King Buddha Tran Nhan Tong, on the left is the statue of Huyen Quang, on the right is the statue of Phap Loa. The statue is carved in a meditating position, wearing Buddhist robes, each person's face is different but all exude intelligence and enlightenment with a delicate and ethereal expression. In front of the examination is a hammock door elaborately carved with the theme of the four sacred animals and the four precious animals, followed by the altar, on which are placed solemn worship objects. Behind the Patriarch's house there is also a guest house where monks live and a model house; Behind the three treasures is the stele house, recording the life and career of the third patriarch Huyen Quang. Behind the stele house is a new communal house restored by the people in 200 with 5 rooms and 2 wings. This is the place to worship the village's three tutelary gods, who were instrumental in suppressing the Thuc invaders during the reign of the 18th Hung King. Dai Bi Pagoda relics have been recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism). National level ranking in Decision No. 34/VH-QD dated January 9, 1990.


The Lim



Lim Festival is a unique cultural and artistic festival of Quan Ho villages, formed since ancient times. The festival has attracted many people and ages from all over to enjoy the spring festival, most of which are elegant young men and women. When they meet again, they come together to sing. For the elderly, coming to the festival is an opportunity to find youth, for young men and women, the festival is an opportunity to find friends and find love. This unique cultural event has become an invaluable asset in the treasure of Vietnamese folk culture. Like other traditional festivals, the Lim festival also has solemn and respectful ritual activities to honor the merits of the gods such as processions, sacrifices or folk games for fun and talent competitions. Early in the morning of the 13th, there was a procession of sutras from Trung Pagoda to Hong An Pagoda. After the sacrificial rituals, the procession welcomed sacred water from Hong An Pagoda back to Trung Pagoda. End of the procession, enter the opening ceremony. Rarely do guests come to visit their homes, but when they come to Hoi Lim, they all want to see, listen and sing Quan Ho with their brothers and sisters, which is also the most basic feature of this festival. Quan ho is a unique folk song of the ancient Kinh Bac region (now Bac Ninh province). Quan Ho folk songs are famous not only for their lyrical lyrics, passionate love for life and love between couples, or for their 200 unique musical melodies, but also for other characteristics rarely found in folk songs from other regions. From their speech to their daily behavior or during festivals, "Quan ho people" are gentle and humble. The custom of forming relationships between Quan Ho villages or making friends among Quan Ho "groups" has formed a noble moral lifestyle. The Quan Ho people are all "lien brother", "lien sister" and always refer to themselves as "lien sister". For the Quan Ho people, in the past, guests had to: Bring charcoal, fan water to send off the tea. This tea is very delicious, my dear. Please enjoy a cup for me. And when it's time to go home, the farewell is hard to end, because the lyrics always seem to hold the guests back: Dear people, don't come back... Quan ho singing festivals are often associated with pagoda festivals. Therefore, the pagoda is a place to gather and receive Quan Ho guests. There are up to 49 Quan Ho singing villages, distributed in four districts and towns in the south of Bac Ninh province. But when talking about Quan Ho, people immediately think of the Lim association. Lim is the nom name of ancient Lung Giang commune. The festival opens on the hill, where Lim Pagoda (Hong An Pagoda) is located. The Lim festival is the most crowded and famous among the Quan ho festivals. The festival opens on January 13, the first session of the year at Lim market. Coming to Lim Festival, spring visitors can see and listen to singing on the hills, singing behind the temple, singing on boats and singing in private houses (indoor singing); You can listen to singing in pairs (male couple, female couple), or "groups" of males and females. Pilgrims and Lim festival visitors can also see many other traditional local cultural activities, or participate in flying trapeze games, cockfighting, birdfighting, wrestling, shrimp whore nests... which are all traditional games. traditional village festival games that the Lim association still retains as a heritage.


Do Temple Festival



Do Temple Festival is held on the 14th, 15th, and 16th days of the third lunar month every year in Dinh Bang village, Dinh Bang commune, Tu Son district, Bac Ninh province. This is a festival imbued with national cultural identity, echoing the call of origin to commemorate the coronation of King Ly Cong Uan, opening a prosperous dynasty, creating and developing the nation and culture. Dai Viet's culture is brilliant. Do Temple is a beautiful temple located in Dinh Bang village, Tien Son district, Bac Ninh province, 18 km from Hanoi. The temple is the place to worship 8 Ly Dynasty kings: Ly Cong Uan aka Ly Thai To (1009 - 1028); Ly Thai Tong (1028 - 1054); Ly Thanh Tong (1054 - 1072); Ly Nhan Tong (1072 - 1128); Ly Than Tong (1128 - 1138); Ly Anh Tong (1138 - 1175); Ly Cao Tong (1175 - 1210) and Ly Hue Tong (1210 - 1224). Do Temple - also known as Co Phap Dien or Ly Bat De Temple, the temple was built in the 11th century (1030), on the land southeast of Huong Co Phap, Chau Co Phap (Dinh Bang village). According to Zen Master Ly Van Hanh, this land is the convergence of heavenly energy, where 8 dragon heads appear. Do Den Festival takes place for 3 days (from the 14th to 16th of the third lunar month) but the main festival is March 16 - the day King Ly Thai To ascended the throne, with a ceremony to present saints and a solemn palanquin procession. Procession with tens of thousands of participants from Kim Dai pagoda to Do temple (about 3 km). At the head of the procession was a group of generals, shirtless, wearing loincloths, holding bronze staff and hundreds of soldiers following. Next are 100 palanquin bearers wearing red shirts and black hats. Leading the way is Thanh Mau's palanquin followed by 18 female generals, then the Eight Emperor palanquin, each with a horse and 16 male generals wearing red shirts. At the end of the procession are people dressed in festival uniforms, elders and villagers attending the festival, flags and parasols cover the fields, and the sound of drums resounds in the sky. Besides the ceremony, the festival part of the Do Temple festival includes fun games such as cockfighting, pigeon releasing, wrestling competitions, Quan ho singing and many other fun games. Do Temple Festival is a long-standing traditional festival and has become a custom voluntarily kept by the people of Dinh Bang, becoming an indispensable need in the people's cultural and spiritual life. Traditional history, Do Temple Festival is like a call to origin, reminding future generations to appreciate and preserve the essence that our ancestors built for generations. Tourists come to the Do temple festival, not only to offer incense to commemorate the 8 Ly Dynasty kings, but also to visit and see the scenery of Kinh Bac land. The Do Temple Festival procession expressed the sacred meaning of the festival, both commemorating historical figures and arousing pride in the country's roots of revival and sublimation since the Dai Viet era.


To Pagoda (Phuc Nghiem pagoda)



To Pagoda is also called Phuc Nghiem Pagoda, located in Man Xa village - Xa Ha Man - Thuan Thanh district - Bac Ninh. The pagoda was built around the 2nd century AD in 25 - 187. In 1313, the pagoda was renovated with 50 compartments, the couplets of worship also recorded: "Five-twenty crimes of glorious martial arts, Nam Thien wins, Thousands of thousands of achievements." Ancient incense and flowers are offered to the north and south. The pagoda worshiping Buddha Man Nuong belongs to the Tu Phap pagoda complex associated with the legend of Khau Da La - the founder of Buddhism. In the people at that time, the saying was passed down: "There is a Teacher who lives forever in Tay Thien, practicing meditation with the name Khau Da La". Legend has it that Khau Da La was a Saint monk who, on his preaching path, came to the ancient land of Luy Lau (present-day Thuan Thanh). According to legend, in the ancient Men village (Nom name of Man Xa village), there was Man Nuong - the daughter of Tu Dinh's ancestor - who went to the temple to study religion. One day, after cleaning the temple door, Man Nuong fell asleep right at the entrance. Duc Khau Da La came home from preaching and saw this and did not have the heart to wake him up but walked over. Man Nuong then conceived and gave birth to a baby girl. Along with many other enlightened monks, he founded the Four Dharma system in the region including Cloud Dharma, Vu Dharma, Thunder Dharma, and Electric Dharma corresponding to clouds, rain, thunder, and lightning. This system of the Four Dharmas was quickly accepted and entered the life of folk beliefs, demonstrating the compatibility between religion and life, praying for favorable weather, good crops, and a prosperous life. for the people and become the center of Buddhism in our country. Duc Khau Da La brought the child close to a mulberry tree. Unexpectedly, "the canopy spread down and the child disappeared into the trunk"! Later, the tree was blown down by a storm and fell into the river and floated to the Luy Lau area. Villagers rushed to pull each other but could not bring the tree to shore. Man Nuong knew what happened and immediately went to the river. As if there was a communion of motherly love, she threw out the bib and pulled the tree to shore in front of many people's surprise. The old story is that the child later manifested into the Gypsum King Buddha and resided at Dau Pagoda. The trunk of the tree was carved into four corresponding Tu Phap gods and worshiped at Dau pagoda, Dau pagoda, Tuong pagoda and Dan pagoda in Thanh Khuong and Tri Qua communes, Thuan Thanh district. The family home of Man Nuong's parents was built into a pagoda and later generations often refer to To Pagoda with the origin "Cai family vi tu". To Pagoda is closely associated with the history of Vietnamese Buddhism and is the place where ancient architectural works such as wells, bells, bronzes, stone stele and many wood carvings appeared. At the pagoda, there is still an ancient well that, according to legend, was created by Man Nuong inserting the staff of Duc Khau Da La to save crops from drought. From all remote regions of our country, every year, on April 8 (lunar calendar), good men and women make a pilgrimage to attend the To Pagoda festival. The pagoda was ranked as a national historical and cultural relic on April 20, 2001.


Tam Son Pagoda



Tam Son village pagoda is called Cam Ung Tu, built on the top of Chua mountain, in Tam Son commune, Tu Son town. The pagoda was built during the Ly Dynasty and is a large Buddhist center associated with the life of the king who opened the Ly Dynasty and the Ly Dynasty princesses. The project was continuously renovated, embellished, and expanded during the Tran, Le, and Nguyen dynasties into a pagoda with a hundred compartments, in the style of "internal and foreign work" with dozens of large-scale constructions: Tam Quan, Tien Quan. Road, Middle Road, bell tower, altar, Three Jewels Hau, corridor, East temple, West temple, Patriarch's house, Monk's house, model house, tower garden... make Tam Son pagoda a famous ancient site of Bac Ninh - Kinh Bac. The unique feature of Tam Son Pagoda is not only that it is a place to worship Buddha, but also to the Ly Dynasty princesses and especially to worship the village's academic celebrities who are revered as post-Buddhists, demonstrating the unique traditions of Tam Son village. famous for being studious and academic. The statues placed in the pagoda are all exemplary sculptures for the art of sculpting Buddha statues during the Le Nguyen period. At the same time, the pagoda also preserves many precious antiques and documents such as bronze bells, bells, stone incense sticks, especially the stele "Tam Son commune Dang Khoa Bi Ky" engraved in the early 20th century, registering 16 great scholars of Tam Son village. , famous people who have made great contributions to the nation and Tam Son homeland. The great honor of the pagoda and the people of Tam Son is to welcome President Ho Chi Minh to visit and talk with the Party Committee and local people on the first day of Dinh Mui (1967) and plant a souvenir tree at the pagoda. In 1972, Tam Son Pagoda was destroyed by American bombing planes. With the attention of the government, Tam Son Pagoda was restored according to the ancient scale and architecture, to serve the spiritual needs of the people while preserving memories of the Ly Dynasty and King Ly Thai To. about President Ho Chi Minh for Tam Son village, rich in cultural and revolutionary tradition. Tam Son Pagoda was recognized by the state and granted national historical-cultural relic status in 1992.


Room Waterfall



Bac Kan - a northern mountainous province with tourist destinations still imbued with the pristine nature of mountains, forests, caves, and rugged waterfalls. Setting foot on Bac Kan land, visitors will surely find Ba Be Lake, Ba Be National Park, and Puong Cave which are so famous both domestically and internationally. But after that, no guest would miss the opportunity to witness firsthand the wild and majestic beauty of Room Waterfall. The waterfall is sometimes strong and fierce, hitting the rocks, throwing foam high into the air, forming waterfalls. silver wave; Sometimes it gently flows through the rocks, creating sounds like love songs of a mountainous area. And in that fresh, airy and fresh air, people seem to shake off all the fatigue, stress or thoughts of life and work to find themselves - peace and serenity. Outstanding features: Room waterfall area includes a beautiful complex of rocky beaches, rivers and mountains blending with the natural scenery of mountains and forests. Room Waterfall is where the Cau River is blocked by heaving rocks about 1 km (0.6 miles) long, creating an interesting landscape. Related services: After enjoying the waterfall and having fun, visitors can eat, drink, and rest at locations in the village or town to refresh themselves for a new day with attractive tourist attractions. other from Bac Kan. Nearby tourist attractions: Na Tu historical relic site, Deo Giang, Phu Thong Fort, Ba Be National Park, Puong Cave, Tham Temple,... are places to visit that tourists can choose to visit. continue your journey.


Dau Dang Waterfall



About 4km from Puong Cave along the Nang River, a canal on the left will take visitors from the Nang River into Ba Be Lake, but don't rush into the lake and continue about 2.5km to reach the Tay Hua village. Tang (Nam Mau commune) at the border of Tuyen Quang province, which in Kinh language means Dau Dang. Here, the boat cannot continue because the Nang River is stacked with large and small rocks over a nearly 2km long stretch, dividing the water flow into many small, fast-flowing streams, creating a Dau Dang waterfall that is both majestic and spectacular. The 53m high waterfall pours water from the entire Nang River gorge, weaving between large overlapping limestone blocks and divided into 3 sections: the first section has strong and meandering water pouring from above; In the second part, the water splits into two streams; In the third part, the waterfall flows lazily between the rocks, calm and poetic. Tourists will be very pleasantly surprised when behind the gentle river suddenly appears a fierce waterfall, splashing turbid water with silt. In the midst of wild and magnificent nature, people suddenly feel how weak and small they are. Tourists coming here are welcomed by the people of Hua Tang with all the friendliness, and have the opportunity to enjoy Anh Vu fish, stir-fried bamboo shoots with wine yeast made from forest leaves, which are specialties of the Ba Be Lake region. If you're lucky, visitors can also "eat" a very rare fried fish dish on the market, some weighing up to 10kg.


Tham Temple



Tham Temple is located in Cho Moi district, Bac Kan province with many myths and legends that have entered the minds of mountain residents here. The temple is located right next to the gravel road leading to Quang Chu commune, less than 4km from Highway 3 and 45km south of Bac Kan city. The temple worships a female general named Tham - who had great contributions in the fight against the Black Flag invaders in the second half of the 19th century. Previously, the temple was a place to worship the Mountain God and the Water God to pray for boats and ships to travel safely. By the end of the 19th century, the temple was renovated to worship the female general who had great merit in fighting the Black Flag invaders, Ms. Tham. The story goes that there was an old father and son who fished for a living on the Trang Co river. A year of natural disasters, floods, and fierce waters swept away the poor old man's boat and nets. After the water receded, the old man brought the fishing net to the river. By dusk, he was able to put away a heavy batch, but sadly it was only a rock. The next time, only that rock went into the net. He moved to another part of the river, still lifting up that strange rock. He was about to throw it away when a voice echoed from within the rock: "Old man, take me home." Feeling strange, he brought the talking rock home. When he arrived, he was exhausted and threw the rock to the ground. It hit another rock and broke. Strangely, there is a yellow glow in the rock's belly. Those were gold bars. Thinking that Giang (God) had given the village to compensate for the flood disaster, he divided the gold among the people around the area. There is gold, but the old man and his son still work hard to make a living by the Trang Co river. Grateful, the people here built a temple to worship two stones, the Mountain God and the Water God, so that boats and ships can travel safely. Tham temple complex includes the main temple, Ms. Tham temple and Son Than temple. The main temple is divided into three compartments, worshiping: Five Venerable Gods, Bach Linh, Saint Tran Hung Dao, Mother Thuong Thien, and Avalokiteśvara Buddha. The shrine to Ms. Tham is located right next to the main temple, on the left side there is a domed concrete structure, on the altar is a statue of Ms. Tham wearing a blue shirt, under the pedestal there are a pair of phoenix birds carved in stone. It is known that at the end of the 19th century, the temple was renovated to worship Co Tham - the female general who courageously led the army to defeat the Black Flag invaders. Old people still say that Ms. Tham, the daughter of an old fisherman, was gentle and beautiful, and had a reputation. Boys from all over the upper and lower villages dreamed of getting married to her. When she was young, she was taken by God's power to be his wife. She lived in a golden situation but was humiliated in every way, especially when the Black Flag invaders came to harass them, and the Lord Muong not only did not fight the invaders but also became their henchman. She tried every way to escape from the Muong Lord's house and gathered poor people to rise up to fight the enemy. The Muong Lord was angry and wanted to gain merit, so he led the enemy to fight. The female general stubbornly fought back. At the Trang Co river, a fierce battle took place, blood flowed into rivers, but Co Tham's soldiers remained undeterred. Unfortunately, the female general was hit by a poisonous arrow and died. The angry soldiers decided to fight to avenge her. The enemy was terrified and fled in disarray, the Lord Muong was captured alive and executed as a sacrifice to his general. To commemorate the courageous female general, people built a temple to worship Ms. Tham. Every year, tourists from all over come to Tham temple to worship and pray in large numbers, especially on the first and second occasions. After many years of construction and repair, in 2012 the temple was ranked at the provincial level as a historical-cultural relic, a place for cultural and religious activities of the people.


Phya Khao tourist destination



Phya Khao tourist destination is located in Cho Don district, a place with a mild climate and clean environment. The average altitude above sea level is 800 m (2,400 ft), the climate here is warm in winter and cool in summer. Previously, France found this place with a wonderful climate and built a resort here. Phia Khao mountain peak (in Ban Thi commune, Cho Don district) is more than 800m above sea level, and is the site of the Cho Dien - Ban Thi lead and zinc ore mine. In the cold last days of winter, the productive atmosphere here is still bustling. Phia Khao mountain peak (in Ban Thi commune, Cho Don district) is more than 800m above sea level, and is the site of the Cho Dien - Ban Thi lead and zinc ore mine. In the cold last days of winter, the atmosphere of productive labor here is still bustling. Coming to Phya Khao peak, you will see the beautiful mountain and forest scenery bestowed by nature and in harmony with the living environment of the local people. mountain tribes to experience and accumulate more useful knowledge. Phya Khao peak is suitable for tourists who want to return to nature, conquer and explore the gorgeous primeval forest. In addition to having a fresh and refreshing air, when visitors come here they will be able to visit and experience the environment and life of the people here. Camping and climbing are two indispensable activities when coming to Phya Khao peak, an exciting experience for tourists who are professional backpackers. In addition, this place also preserves unique architectural works of France during the colonial period.


Thach Long Pagoda



Thach Long Pagoda, also known as the stone dragon because the pagoda is located in a stone cave, the cave gate is shaped like an open dragon's mouth. The story goes that, in the past, the people of Vi Huong - Bach Thong commune went down the Cau River to pick up the Shakyamuni Buddha statue to worship in their village, Hoa Son, on top of the Phja Bjooc mountain range. The golden Buddha statue is very heavy, so when pulling it back up, the villagers have to use a rope. When we got to Cao Ky commune, the array kept spinning and made it impossible to move. It was already dark, so that night the people going to process the statue had to set up tents to sleep so they could continue the next day. The next morning when they woke up, they were panic-stricken and could not see the Buddha. People going to process the statue had to light a large bunch of incense and pray to the Buddha to show the way to where he was sitting. Having finished speaking, the bundle of incense and smoke flew to the other side of the river, forever going into the mountains. The person carrying the statue kept following the incense smoke and discovered a beautiful, spacious cave. Shakyamuni Buddha sat at the highest place. Knowing the sacred cave, the villagers built a temple right at the cave. Thach Long Pagoda is divided into two parts: The first part is Thien Pagoda located high up, with stone steps from the foot of the mountain leading straight up to the cave entrance. The highest floor (Upper Palace) symbolizes the heavenly court worshiping Shakyamuni Buddha. The middle floor (Central Palace) symbolizes the world with an image worshiping Uncle Ho. Inside the cave, the cliffs divide themselves into sections like tall and luxurious parasols that cover the Buddhas sitting underneath. This can be considered as an architectural masterpiece of beautiful nature. The second part is Am Pagoda (Lower Palace). The road to Am Pagoda has to go around the mountainside for about 80 m. The entrance to Am Pagoda is a bit narrower than Thien Pagoda, the cave is not as wide, approximately 6m high, 6m wide and has a deep recess inside. Not only does it contain many legends, Thach Long Pagoda is also a historical relic and the pride of the people of Cao Ky commune. Due to the special structure of the pagoda and its secret place, the Ly dynasty used the pagoda as a fortress to fight the Song army. During the resistance war against the French, the pagoda was used as a production site and a secret weapons warehouse for our army. At that time, many Buddha statues were taken away by the people and from then on the villagers stopped going to the temple. Later, when peace was restored, the pagoda was returned to the locality so that people could resume worship.


Ba Be National Park



Ba Be National Park, Bac Kan province was established under Decision No. 83/TTg dated November 10, 1992 of the Prime Minister. Ba Be National Park is located in the northwest of Ba Be district, 68km northwest of Bac Kan town and 250km north of Hanoi capital. Ba Be National Park, Bac Kan province was established under Decision No. 83/TTg dated November 10, 1992 of the Prime Minister. Ba Be National Park is located in the northwest of Ba Be district, 68km northwest of Bac Kan town and 250km north of Hanoi capital. Ba Be National Park area has a total area of ​​44,750 hectares, of which: Core area 10,048 hectares, buffer area 34,702 hectares. The core area includes: 3,931ha strict protection zone, 6,083ha ecological restoration zone, 34ha administrative service zone. The hydrological system of Ba Be National Park includes rivers and streams: Cho Leng, Bo Lu, Ta Han, Nang River and Ba Be Lake. Ba Be Lake receives water from Ta Han, Bo Lu and Cho Leng rivers in the south of the National Park with a total basin area of ​​420km2. These three rivers and streams pour water into the lake. After being regulated, part of the water joins the Nang River in the north of the lake, continuing to flow to the Gam River. Nang River is the upstream of the Red River, flowing in an East-West direction. The total area of ​​the Nang River basin is 1,420km2. During the flood season, in addition to the three rivers and streams in the South, water from the Nang River can flow into the lake and the water level in the lake can rise by 2 - 3 meters. When the flood water of the Nang River subsides, the water in the lake continues to flow into the Nang River. Ba Be Lake is located at an altitude of 150m above sea level, has an area of ​​450 hectares, the average depth of Ba Be Lake is 17m to 23m, the deepest point reaches 29m. Ba Be Lake plays a very important role in regulating water resources in the area: In dry seasons, water from the lake flows into the Nang River in the north. When there are big floods, the Nang River rises and flows into the lake, causing the lake water to stagnate. Ba Be Lake has the ability to regulate more than 40 million m3 of water for the Nang and Gam rivers. Ba Be Lake is the only natural mountain lake of special importance in Vietnam, a large natural tectonic lake. Due to the special geological and hydrological tectonic mechanism located in the limestone area, Ba Be Lake does not lose water and this is the unique wonder of Ba Be Lake. Ba Be is one of the National Parks with high coverage and proportion of primary forests in the special-use forest system of Vietnam and limestone mountain areas in the world. The Ba Be National Park area is covered with over 73.68% of the area of ​​closed evergreen tropical humid forests, of which the minimally impacted primary forest type on limestone mountains is considered the standard sample of the forest ecosystem. on limestone mountains typical of the Northeast region of Vietnam and the world. Ba Be has high diversity with 1,268 species of vascular plants, including globally threatened species such as: Nghien, kim Giao... Rich fauna with 81 species of mammals, 322 species of birds, 44 species amphibian reptiles, 106 species of fish, including many globally threatened species such as white-cheeked langur, common otter, fire leopard, cauldron... Ba Be Lake area is an area with a diversity of fauna. The highest level of fresh water in the system of protected areas in Vietnam with 106 species of fish, including many rare species with high economic value such as: Fried fish, Lang fish, and Vong fish. The annual seafood catch in Ba Be Lake is the main source of income for a part of the population living around the lake. Ba Be has many beautiful caves. In 1986, Ba Be was recognized as a national cultural and historical heritage. In 2003, Ba Be was recognized as an ASIAN Heritage Area. On February 2, 2011, Ba Be National Park was recognized by the Ramsar Secretariat as the world's 1938th Ramsar site and the 3rd Ramsar site in Vietnam.


Deo Giang Relics



Deo Giang historical relic area, located on National Highway No. 3, the road to Cao Bang, the relic is located between Ngan Son and Bach Thong districts, where during the resistance war against the French, our army and people fought a war. A resounding victory, entering the heroic history of the nation, was an attack on National Highway 3. At 9:00 a.m. on December 12, 1947 at Km 187, 188 in Lang Ngam commune, Ngan Son district, Bac Kan province; where mainly Dao ethnic people live, at that time an enemy motorized convoy consisting of 22 vehicles: tanks, armored vehicles, jeeps, carrying soldiers fell into the ambush of Regiment 165 (Adversary Regiment). capital), the ambush site is a dangerous road, one side is high mountains, the other is a deep abyss. Right from the first volley of bullets from our soldiers, 1 enemy car was destroyed, many enemy soldiers were killed. After that, our troops used firepower to shoot at the enemy's formation, our soldiers rushed to attack. take to the streets to fight hand-to-hand. We won big, destroyed 60 enemies (including 2 lieutenants), destroyed and burned 17 motor vehicles, collected 2 million Indochina coins and many important weapons, military equipment and supplies. It can be said that this was the largest scale battle compared to other ambush battles in the Deo Giang area; From this battle, our soldiers learned a lot of experience in battalion-level ambush tactics. This battle was closely associated with the battle of Phu Thong outpost on July 25, 1948, which made a great noise, had a strong impact, encouraged and encouraged the armed forces in the early days of the resistance war against the French colonialists, contributing together with the people of the country to defeat all sabotage plots of the French Colonialists in the Viet Bac War Zone. From this resounding battle, Deo Giang has become a historical place associated with the glorious victories of our army and people in the Viet Bac Counter-Offensive Campaign - Autumn Winter in 1947. Deo Giang historical site became the pride of Bac Kan soldiers and people, of the Vietnamese people's army. Deo Giang and Phu Thong, two famous resistance sites, entered revolutionary poetry in the poem Viet Bac by To Huu composed in 1954, when the resistance war against the French colonialists won at Dien Bien Battlefield. government, peace was restored. President Ho Chi Minh, the Party Central Committee, our cadres and soldiers have left Viet Bac and returned to the capital Hanoi. In the atmosphere of separation full of nostalgia and attachment between the people of Viet Bac and the revolutionary cadres, poet To Huu composed the poem "Viet Bac" recreating the history of resistance and the feelings of Vietnamese soldiers and people. North. In it there are 02 verses talking about famous historical places of Bac Kan: "When we return, do we remember? When we return, we remember Phu Thong, Deo Giang" With special historical meanings of the battle of Deo Giang. In 2001, the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports & Tourism) recognized and ranked Deo Giang historical relic as a national historical relic. The monument built on the left is a large relief depicting the battle of Deo Giang, on the right is a souvenir stele recording the history of the battle. Today, Deo Giang relic is an ideal place for visitors and pedestrians to stop to enjoy the fresh air on the pass, take souvenir photos, and is also a place to remind generations in peacetime about the determination and hardships of his father and brother for peace, independence and freedom today.


Xuan Duong love market



Xuan Duong love market holds once a year on the 25th day of the third lunar month, in Xuan Duong commune, Na Ry district (30km from Yen Lac town, 45km from Bac Kan town). Not as famous as Khau Vai love market in Ha Giang or Sa Pa love market in Lao Cai, but Xuan Duong love market carries with it very typical cultural features of the Tay and Nung ethnic communities in Na Ri district, Cho Moi district (Bac Kan) and neighboring districts of Lang Son and Thai Nguyen provinces. Xuan Duong Love Market originates from the touching story of a young Tay ethnic couple who loved each other very much, in Pac Sen village, Xuan Duong commune, Na Ri district. They became husband and wife through sli and luon fishing at long tong festivals held locally. One day, to prepare for the upcoming crop, the couple went to work in the fields together, the husband hoeing the soil at the beginning of the field, and the wife clearing grass at the end of the field. At noon, the sun stood still, the husband was tired, called his wife to go home to rest, but only heard the sound of the mountains and forests echoing. Running until he reached the beginning of the field where his wife worked, the husband only saw broken knife handles and crushed grass and trees, evidence of a struggle and pushing. Only later did he learn that his wife had been taken away by a group of bad people. He understood that she had fought back fiercely, calling for help in vain, because the field was too long and the distance between them was too far, so he couldn't hear enough to come save his wife. Knowing the story, everyone in the village expressed sympathy for the young couple. From then on, that field was named Na Ry (long field) by the people in the village to remember the touching story of the good-natured young couple (The place Na Ry was also named the name of the district, going through Many generations of people in the district gradually misread it to become Na Ri district as it is today). Later, when she met her ex-husband again at a market, she was happy and sad, but could only hug and cry but could not mend their old love, because each of them had their own families. The villagers were touched by that sentiment, so they let the couple have a day to review old stories (it was March 25 of the lunar calendar). Since then, the 25th day of the third lunar month every year has become a festival for couples in the region, so that those who have lost their love before can meet each other and reminisce about old times.


Long Tong Festival



Long Tong Festival (also known as going down to the fields) - is the most important festival at the beginning of the new year, associated with crop agriculture, organized to convey people's wishes and pray for good fortune. The weather is favorable, the rice in the fields and the cassava in the fields are always lush, bringing a lot of prosperity, a vivid expression of a rich, diverse and rich culture. Ba Be Long Tong Festival has been famous in Viet Bac for a long time. After decades of interruption due to war and one-time one-sided views on festival culture and folk beliefs, since 1995, the Association has been restored and is held annually on the 10th day of the festival. the first lunar month at the edge of Ba Be lake, at the foot of Bo Lu mountain, in Nam Mau commune, Ba Be district, Bac Can province.. Long Tong Festival has many rituals and lively festival components. It is a festival for every family, because everyone participates in the ceremony. Each house has its own offering tray. On the offering tray are boiled roosters, lean pork, and a pair of banh chung (mon hua) wrapped in dong leaves; Then boiled chicken eggs dyed with four colors red - purple - yellow - blue. Then red sticky rice symbolizes the sun, yellow sticky rice symbolizes the moon, on each plate of sticky rice there is a swallow made of red paper perched on it, carrying the symbol of spring, as if to convey the dream of prosperity. prosperity, fertility, peaceful life. On the morning of the Long Tong festival, families in the village organize the festival together, carrying offerings to the largest field in the village's fields. The offering trays are arranged in rows, the top tray is the offering tray of the most respected old shaman in the area who is also the host of the festival. Everyone stands in a circle around the offering tray. When the incense sticks are lit, the shaman recites prayers and performs rituals of worship, giving thanks to heaven and earth, praying to the Nong god, Phuc Hy god, Son god, Water god (gods who govern the cultivation of bamboo). and the tutelary god (the guardian deity of the villagers) protects the rains and winds, the poultry breeds, and the village is peaceful and prosperous... The most beautiful girls in the area will offer water in shells. gourd. This is considered sacred water and must be taken from the source. Then the shaman raised his face to the sky, holding aloft the "cups" of sacred water from the offering trays, praying for water from the "heavenly ditch" to irrigate the whole world and the fields. After praying, the shaman sprinkles water in all four directions, everyone collects water together to enjoy blessings... After the ritual part is the festival, which begins with the toss of bamboo balls. The fruits are still sewn with cloth, inside are tightly compressed rice and cotton seeds, and on the outside are five-colored tassels, which are thrown by young men and women into the circle on top of the tree. Those are two unique symbols of Yang and Yin, the roots of the universe and all things. When the shuttlecock penetrates the bull's eye of the circle, Yin and Yang have harmonized, life will flourish, and crops will be bountiful. Therefore, in any Long Tong festival, throwing the bull's eye is also a mandatory ritual, because the people believe that if Yin and Yang do not harmonize, that year the village will be unlucky. crops will fail. The person who hits the bull's eye will be rewarded with a full tray of food. However, usually the winner only receives a good name, and the feast is brought out to the village! Another interesting thing is that when young men and women catch each other's shuttlecocks, it is considered that God has made them a good couple. Therefore, the Long Tong festival is also an opportunity for boys and girls from near and far to get to know each other and get married. husband. After the tong festival, there are also games such as bird's nest fighting, spinning, tug of war, blindfolded goat catching... On the night of the Long Tong festival, boys and girls sing sli, sing luon all night long with luong inviting, luong welcoming, Gathering, congratulating and saying goodbye... The unique feature of the Ba Be Long Tong festival is that people go to the festival not only to play, but also to sell agricultural products made by their own families, making the Long Tong festival There are also the colors of the agricultural fair. Ba Be Long Tong Festival is truly a folk festival, rich in identity and diverse in form of activities, creating attraction for tourists from all over this land.


Tu Ha Temple Festival



Tu Ha Temple Festival is in Hong Giang commune, Luc Ngan district, where the general Than Canh Phuc is worshiped. The Tu Ha Temple relic site is in Hong Giang commune, Luc Ngan district, Bac Giang province. The place is where the general Than Canh Phuc (ie Vu Thanh) is worshiped. ) Ly Dynasty. The person who had meritorious service in the fight against the Song invaders in the 11th century (1075-1077) Tu Ha Temple is located in the south of Ho Ho Lang (now Kep Hai village). During the Ly Dynasty, this place belonged to Dong Giap, Lang district of Dai Viet country. Giap Cave is a large cave where the Giap family later changed to the Than family. In the family, there were up to 3 people who were in-laws of the Ly dynasty: During the Ly Cong Uan period, Giap Thua Quy was in-law; During the reign of Ly Thai Tong, Than Thieu Thai became his son-in-law (in 1029); During Ly Nhan Tong's reign, Than Canh Phuc became his son-in-law (1066). It can be said that this is a spiritual land, where many heroic heroes have appeared. The temple has an architectural plan in the style of Tam including 3 categories: Upper temple - Middle temple and Lower temple, next to the temple is Ha pagoda. All form a unified and continuous architectural block running along the banks of the Luc Nam River, extending for more than 400m. Tu Ha Temple worships General Than Canh Phuc (Vu Thanh) - who had meritorious service in the fight against the Song invaders in the 11th century (1075-1077). There are also 6 worshipers: Pho Ma and Princess of the Ly Dynasty. Currently, the temple still preserves many precious antiques with cultural and historical value such as worship objects, procession items... especially 21 ordinations of dynasties. In 1991, the temple was recognized by the State as a National Historical-Cultural Monument. To remember his great contributions, every year the people in the area hold a festival from the 6th to the 8th of the first lunar month, including a procession, the procession reenacting his story of fighting the enemy. The Tu Ha Festival takes place to review the heroic past of our ancestors and the fighting spirit of solidarity of the nation. Tu Ha Festival is a big festival of the people in the region in particular and Luc Ngan district in general. The festival has attracted a large number of people and tourists from all over to come to the festival. Currently located in the relic area, there are many items that have been degraded and need investment from the state along with financial support from domestic and foreign benefactors to restore, renovate, upgrading to preserve the relics and cultural values ​​that are being preserved and protected by the people, so that this place is truly a place for cultural and religious activities, and a place for generations of children and grandchildren to pay their respects to the people. Heroes who have contributed to protecting the country. With the consent of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Bac Giang and Luc Ngan District People's Committee, along with the support (over 700 million VND) of the Vietnamese Than Family, and the contributions of local people, Currently, the Government and People of Hong Giang commune are building a new guest house, the campus next to the communal house and the entrance gate to the relic site to ensure spaciousness to serve the needs of welcoming tourists to visit. This project is an activity towards "1000 years of Thang Long Hanoi".


Tho Ha Festival



Tho Ha Festival (Van Ha commune, Viet Yen district, Bac Giang) is held on January 19 to 21 every year. The object of worship is the village Thanh Hoang. Festivals are held every year, but every three years there is a big festival with a procession. This is a festival that still maintains many of the unique identities of Northern festivals. Tho Ha village festival always consists of two parts, the ceremony and the festival. The ceremony was organized very solemnly and methodically. From early morning, the chief priest, choir, and all the elders in the altar dress neatly to welcome the procession from the temples to the village communal house. The celebrant stands on the steps to welcome the procession. When everyone was seated, the ceremony began with solemn rituals. All expressed their respect and invited the Saint to attend the festival with the villagers and prayed that the Saint would bless the villagers with a new year of good health, prosperous business, peaceful villages, and happy families. After the ritual, next is the festival with unique folk games such as cockfighting, swimming, wrestling, chess, badminton, rowing a boat to catch ducks... but the most typical one is singing. Quan Ho. Tho Ha is considered an original village of Quan Ho singing art. Brothers and sisters from neighboring villages came together to attend the festival and showed off their singing talents day and night in the communal house yard or on boats. The lyrical and smooth lyrics captivate the hearts of many tourists from near and far. In addition to quan ho singing, another equally attractive and exciting competition that attracts many participants is Chinese chess. Chess boards are laid out inviting contestants to compete high and low. The winner is excited and happy, and the loser is not "bitter" because of that, just hoping that next year's festival will see their opponent again. At the end of the festival, everyone left with joy and joy. Tho Ha Festival is a beauty in the culture of Kinh Bac people, enriching Vietnam's cultural treasure, worthy of preservation and promotion.


Yen The Festival



The Yen The uprising broke out in 1884 in Bac Giang and then spread to the provinces: Bac Ninh, Vinh Phuc, Thai Nguyen, Lang Son... Under the leadership of Hoang Hoa Tham, the uprising that lasted nearly 30 years took place. shows the perseverance and indomitable spirit of Vietnamese farmers in the national liberation movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. In 1984, the people of Yen The and surrounding areas held a celebration 100 years of Yen The uprising in Phon Xuong. Since then, it has become a common practice that on March 16 of the solar calendar every year, Yen The festival is solemnly held with many diverse activities, attracting the attention of a large number of people and tourists. guests from everywhere. The festival takes place with many rich cultural and sports activities such as lion dancing; fly a kite; blind man's bluff; pot rice cooking competition; throwing; Tug; crossbow shooting competition; cockfighting; performing arts; martial arts competition; Chinese chess (human chess); ping pong; football; fairs displaying local products; Youth camp... On the morning of March 16, the festival officially took place with an incense offering ceremony to commemorate the cloth hero at the Hoang Hoa Tham monument area. After the incense offering ceremony, there is a flag offering ceremony recreating the ceremony of launching the uprising of Hoang Hoa Tham's insurgent army. Next, the parade symbolizing the strength of the ancient Yen The insurgent army was solemnly held with the sound of drums and gongs ringing. Also within the framework of the festival, the exhibition house about the Yen The uprising is open to welcome visitors to visit precious artifacts and images of the activities of the Yen The insurgent army more than a century ago.


Suoi Mo Festival



Suoi Mo Temple Festival has been around for a long time, held annually on March 30 and April 1 of the lunar calendar, attracting a large number of visitors from all over to visit and participate in the festival. The festival focuses mainly on 3 temples and around the Suoi Mo eco-tourism area. Suoi Mo Festival takes place at the end of March and early April of the lunar calendar every year, at Suoi Mo eco-tourism area, Nghia Phuong commune, Luc Nam district, Bac Giang province. Suoi Mo Festival originates from the need for faith. spiritual threshold of the people in the region. According to legend, Suoi Mo temple consists of 3 temples: Ha temple, Middle temple and Thuong temple worshiping the Holy Mother Thuong Ngan Que Mi Nuong - daughter of King Hung. She was instrumental in opening the Mo basin to help people reclaim land, build dams, and dig ditches to bring water to serve agricultural production. To remember her merits, the ancients built three temples along both sides of the stream and solemnly held festivals every year. Within the framework of the festival, many cultural, sports and spiritual belief activities are also taking place such as Van Hau Dong singing performance festival, Quan Ho love repartee singing, sports competitions and many folk games. activities such as wrestling, pot smashing, tug of war... One of the attractions of the Suoi Mo Festival is the communion activity. Right from early morning, 25 processions of all villages in Nghia Phuong commune headed to the festival center at Floating Island. From here, processions spread out to temples to hold ceremonies, praying for good weather, good harvests, and good things. It can be said that Suoi Mo Festival is a convergence of traditional cultural values ​​of ethnic groups in Nghia Phuong commune. Festivals are an opportunity for people to meet, exchange, share, and pray for good things. Attending the festival, visitors will have the opportunity to experience and immerse themselves in the magical sacred space with waterfalls, streams, beautiful and cool green forests of Suoi Mo eco-tourism area, this place is the ideal tourist destination. Spiritual, ideal ecology for tourists from near and far.


Tho Ha pottery village



Tho Ha pottery has been around since the 12th century and is one of the three most ancient ceramic centers of Vietnamese people, next to Phu Lang and Bat Trang. According to the village's genealogy and archaeological artifacts found, Tho Ha is one of the cradles of ceramics. Tho Ha was a busy ceramic trading port of the Kinh Bac region. The prosperity of pottery has helped people build a majestic architectural complex of communal houses, pagodas, temples, and village gates. In the village, there is a story about the founder of Tho Ha pottery making, Dr. Dao Tri Tien. At the end of the Ly dynasty, three men, Dao Tri Tien, Hua Vinh Cao and Luu Phong Tu, worked together as mandarins in the court and were sent as envoys to the Northern Song Dynasty (960 - 1127). After completing the mission, on the way back to the country through Thieu Chau, Guangdong province, we encountered a storm and had to stop. There is a famous pottery kiln here. His father visited and learned pottery making techniques. Returning home, Dao Tri Tien passed on the craft of making dark red ceramics to Tho Ha, Hua Vinh Cao passed on the craft of making white ceramics to Bat Trang, and Luu Phong Tu passed on the craft of making dark yellow ceramics to Phu Lang. Previously, the annual incense offering ceremony to the Potter Patriarchs (honoring all three men) was held alternately at home by potters in Tho Ha. Because of its long history of formation and prosperous development, Tho Ha pottery village today still retains many ancient relics imbued with traditional Vietnamese cultural values. Among them is Tho Ha Communal House built in 1692, this is a cultural work ranked as a national historical relic. The dragon and phoenix pattern hidden in the clouds harmonizes with people, plants, flowers, and animals, and also leaves the mark of the talented hand of the engraver. Going into the village, the most interesting are the small alleys. The red color of worn out old bricks, revealing the spirit of the footsteps of time, narrow alleys, lined walls blocking a glossy brown-black ceramic. Visitors coming here often have a special impression with the beautiful, attractive alleys that have an ancient, nostalgic yet rustic and serene look.


Yen The Uprising relic site



Coming to Yen The Uprising Relics, you will first visit and burn incense at the Oath temple of Yen The insurgents. The temple was built in the late 19th century. Although very small, this place witnessed the entire uprising that took place 132 years ago. At first, the temple was roofed with thatch, bamboo, and leaves. In 1897, during the second period of peace between the Yen The insurgent army and the French colonialists, Hoang Hoa Tham repaired the temple and personally selected each log to build the ironwood architecture. Fortunately, to this day that architecture is still kept intact as before. The temple was built according to Dinh script architecture, including a front hall with 3 compartments and 2 compartments and a harem with 2 compartments. After completing the renovation, he named it Dia - Trung - Tien to represent the location of the temple, which is the point of harmony between heaven and earth, between the earthly world and the Buddha's fairyland, and also to represent the beautiful landscape. beautiful around the temple. At this temple, Hoang Hoa Tham often served as a place to recruit insurgents, recruit talented people, and before each battle he often let the insurgents drink wine and swear an oath. After returning from defeating the enemy, he often held military ceremonies here. To this day, this temple is considered the most sacred place of Yen The district, a place for cultural, religious and belief activities of people in the region in particular and tourists inside and outside the province in general. After visiting The Temple, you will offer incense at the monument of national hero Hoang Hoa Tham to commemorate the hero of the past. Next on the journey, you will visit the Yen The Uprising gallery, consisting of 2 floors, the first floor of the gallery is used to display an ethnographic corner of Yen The district. Going to the 2nd floor, you will be able to see with your own eyes all the images and artifacts related to the uprising, from guns and bullets for fighting to the daily necessities of the insurgents such as cups, bowls, etc. Copper pots, copper trays... Here will help you have a close look at the ingenious battles of the De Tham insurgent army in the past. Through this, we can see the brave and indomitable fighting spirit of De Tham and his insurgent army. On the other side of the monument yard is Phon Xuong stronghold, this is the headquarters of the Yen The insurgent army. Phon Xuong Fort, also known as Don Go, Don Cu, is located on the south side of a nearly 20m high hill, nearly 800m south of Go stream. The station was built by Hoang Hoa Tham in 1894, guarding the only road leading to the insurgent army's base. Phon Xuong post is a large-scale base, with a different structure from Ho Chuoi post and other posts. The fort has an almost rectangular architectural plan running along the North-South direction, with an area of ​​about more than an acre of Northern Vietnam including two citadels. The outer citadel starts from the eastern hillside and runs around the foothill to the northern hilltop, forming an arc that protects the inner citadel, 140m long, 0.80m thick and 4m high. The inner city walls are located on top of a roughly rectangular hill. The inner wall on the east side is 71m long, the north side is 85m long. The wall is made of rammed earth, 2m thick at the base, 3m high and 1m wide on the surface. Inside the citadel wall, there are 3 different levels that can be shot standing or kneeling. There are battlements all around the wall. The outer wall slopes gently like a roof. The architecture of Phon Xuong post is a special architectural style, not only meeting the requirements of being a stronghold but also flexibly handling combat maneuvers and meeting the requirements of being a command post. , where the insurgents traded. Over time, the rampart system has also been eroded, and the wall is no longer as intact as before. Particularly, the eastern part of the wall still retains many old architectural features. There are quite clear bullet holes in the citadel wall. This is the capital of the uprising, the starting place to expand the movement to localities. De Tham built Phon Xuong station as both a place to live and live for the insurgents and De Tham's family, and at the same time it was also a place to meet and discuss between De Tham and contemporary heroes such as: Phan Boi Chau, Phan Chu Trinh, Ky Dong... to discuss saving the country. Currently, a temple is being built in the citadel to worship Mrs. Ba Can, Hoang Hoa Tham's third wife, to commemorate her great contributions in the Yen The peasant uprising movement. The cultural and historical relic site of the Yen The peasant uprising has created a complex of historical relics of great value that is respected and preserved by the government and people here. The Yen The uprising relic area was ranked as a special national relic by the Prime Minister signed Decision No. 548/QD-TTg on May 10, 2012. Every year, on March 15, 16, 17 of the solar calendar, Yen The festival is solemnly organized by local people. This is one of the biggest festivals of Bac Giang province.


Thousand year old wild rose tree



Located in the Tien Luc relic complex that has been ranked as a national heritage by the state, the thousand-year-old wild rose tree in Bac Giang is considered a "divine wood" and is also a unique wild rose tree in the world. For tourists who love the beauty of nature, the phrase "green heritage" has become familiar as recently the trend of embellishing and preserving green heritage has gradually become popular. One of the famous green heritages throughout the country is the thousand-year-old wild rose tree of Bac Giang. Not only is it a heritage tree with an impressive appearance, creating a beautiful landscape for the Tien Luc relic complex, but this special wild tree in Bac Giang is also a living witness of history and carries many spiritual meanings. deep. The thousand-year-old wild incense tree is located in Tien Luc commune, Lang Giang district of Bac Giang province. This is a heritage tree that attracts many tourists to visit thanks to its impressive beauty and rare unique features. No one knows how long the wild rose tree has existed in Tien Luc. According to the village elders, many generations ago, this wild rose tree was already very large and beautiful. In the genealogy of this village, there is also a story about King Le Canh Hung (1740-1786) who ordained this wild rose tree as "National Lord of Da Dai Vuong" which is the largest wild rose tree in the country. When he had the opportunity to pass through the village, he was fascinated by the beauty and greatness of the tree. Up to now, people have not been able to determine the age of this wild rose tree, but according to scientists, the tree has existed for at least 1,000 years. Villagers often call the tree "thousand-year-old wild rose tree". Visiting the thousand-year-old wild incense tree in Bac Giang, visitors will be extremely surprised by the beauty of the tree. The largest tree trunk has a circumference of up to 17.4 meters, a height of 36 meters and a large canopy that covers an area of ​​about 2 acres of land, the tree has a bark up to 15cm thick. With a large trunk and spreading canopy, this heritage tree has a very majestic appearance, with a hint of moss. Especially when combined with the landscape of the Tien Luc relic complex, it creates a scene rich in Northern countryside, as if bringing visitors back to the old days. The scene here is like a picture of real life, rustic but not monotonous but rich in identity. Not only does it have a beautiful appearance and massive stature, the thousand-year-old wild rose tree in Bac Giang is also a cultural beauty and a sacred symbol in the cultural space of Vietnamese people. The tree is considered a sacred mascot, carrying cultural and spiritual meaning to local people. It is said that thanks to the scent of the tree, people around the area have very good health, and diseases rarely spread. In particular, the elders in Tien Luc said they had experienced a special phenomenon that showed the close connection of the thousand-year-old wild rose tree with human life. This tree never falls due to any natural phenomenon, however, if the tree has a dry branch that falls and allows a new branch to grow, it will signal a big change in life. country. Specifically, in 1945, a wild hyacinth branch on the northeast side of the tree broke, at the same time that the August Revolution succeeded. In 1954, the western branch of the tree broke, signaling the victory of Dien Bien Phu. The southern branch of the tree broke in 1964, a year associated with the Gulf of Tonkin incident. In 1975, the western branch of the tree broke again. That same year, the South was liberated and the country became one strip. In 1984, the northwestern branch of the tree broke, associated with the 10th contract event. In 2006, the southern branch of the tree broke again, and Vietnam officially joined the World Trade Organization. People often record events associated with broken trees with the name "broken branches". Only about 21km from Bac Giang city center, the thousand-year-old wild rose tree is an attractive attraction for tourists. Coming here, visitors will not only be able to admire the majestic appearance of the ancient tree, but also have the opportunity to hear anecdotes surrounding this heritage tree and learn about the unique culture and spirituality of the Northern people. Set. If you have the opportunity to travel to Bac Giang, remember to visit this unique heritage tree in the world.


Khe Chao Lake



Khe Chao Lake, also known as Khe Chao Lake, is located in Tau village, Long Son commune, Son Dong district, Bac Giang province. The lake is located right at the foot of Ha My Pass, about 25 km from An Chau town. The lake has a water surface area of ​​about 27 hectares, inside the lake there are many small undulating islands, surrounded by primeval forests of the West Yen Tu range, this place has a rich flora and fauna system, is The common home of many precious species of animals and plants listed in the Red Book needs to be protected. With its amazing natural landscape and fresh air, it is a favorable condition for the development of many types of tourism in this area. Coming to Khe Chao Lake, visitors can immerse themselves in the majestic and pristine natural scenery and freely explore the rare natural beauty of the sacred land of Yen Tu region. To explore the landscape here, visitors can take a boat to cruise around the lake, or stop by the boat to visit the islands - home to countless bird species such as storks, cauldrons, pelicans, ginseng... In particular, Visitors can organize camping, enjoy swimming and diving in the blue water or sit and relax with fishing rods waiting for hungry fish. Lake fish are mainly natural fish released annually by a business project to help people improve their lives, enhance forest protection, protect the environment and serve tourists visiting tourism. . The caught fish can be grilled right on the shore and enjoyed along with traditional local dishes such as: Ant egg sticky rice, five-color sticky rice, grilled banh chicken, sipping a cup of local leaf yeast wine. direction, immediately fainting, captivating people's hearts. In addition to the pleasure of exploring the natural beauty of Khe Chao, visitors can also visit the model of raising sturgeon and salmon fingerlings to serve visitors and supply the domestic and international markets. Besides, visitors can also learn and discover the unique cultural features of ethnic groups such as: Kinh, Tay, Nung, Dao, San Chi, Cao Lan, Muong, Hoa. Visit cultural and historical relics such as Luc Lieu communal house in Luc Lieu village worshiping General Dao Khai Tran Ngoc and the Nguyen family church worshiping Mr. Nguyen Ky Tai. Continuing the journey from Khe Chao, visitors can visit the West Yen Tu nature reserve, go to Dong pagoda on Yen Tu mountain by forest road through Dong Thong tourist area, visit Mau village with the legend of the girl. handsome king of the Dao people, Tuan Mau commune - Son Dong. If connecting a tour or route, from here visitors can continue their journey with a distance of about 45 km, exploring the east of Yen Tu to reach the world natural heritage wonder of Ha Long Bay - Quang Ninh. With rich tourism potential in both nature and humanity, Khe Chao Lake has many advantages to attract investment and develop into an attractive tourist destination of Bac Giang province in the future.


Kim Trang Pagoda



Known as the third largest ancestral place in the North, Kim Trang Pagoda today still preserves its cultural and religious values, along with the scale of its artistic architecture - once the pride of the famous land of Bac Giang. these many temples. Ancient Kim Trang Pagoda belonged to Kim Trang commune, Tuy Loc Son district, Yen The district; Now belongs to Viet Lap commune, Tan Yen district, Bac Giang province. According to literary documents, Kim Trang Pagoda was built during the third year of Le Canh Hung's reign (1742) during the reign of King Le Hien Tong. Legend has it that at that time, there was a monk of the Truc Lamtu Zen sect at Duc La pagoda. One day, passing by here, he saw children herding buffaloes, setting up trees, covering soil to build pagodas, and happily picking fruits and bringing incense to offer to Buddha. He stopped to look at the terrain, felt very satisfied, and went to the village to educate the people and build a pagoda. When Kim Trang completed construction, the patriarch returned to live here. He worked hard to build the horizontal and vertical buildings for several decades. Therefore, the pagoda has a large-scale "internal Cong - foreign" architecture, following the shape of Duc La's ancestral pagoda (Yen Dung district). Therefore, at that time, there was a folk song that said: "The first is Duc La Pagoda, the second is Quang Phuc, the third is Trang Pagoda." Thus, Kim Trang Pagoda is the third largest ancestral pagoda in the Bac Giang region, after Duc Pagoda. Quang Phuc La and Pagoda (formerly belonging to Da Mai commune, Bac Giang city, but Quang Phuc was destroyed during the resistance war against the French); and is the first largest ancestral place in the old Yen The region. Up to now, Kim Trang Pagoda is still the largest pagoda in the Tan Yen - Yen The region. Over time, Kim Trang Pagoda has been restored many times. In the 8th year of Canh Thinh (1800), the local people again worked hard to cast a large bell. From the ten directions, good men and women with merit and wealth had quite a lot of money, their names and hometowns are still engraved on the bell. In 1939, Kim Trang was majorly restored, the ship was removed, and the gable was built up. But in general, to this day the scale of the pagoda is still quite large, including the front yard, back yard of the pagoda, front hall, three jewels, Buddha hall, harem, ancestral house, auxiliary buildings, guest house, tower garden. (the burial place of the pagoda's monks)... surrounding the pagoda are lush trees and a vast lake, creating a quiet, solemn scene. Most of the Buddha statues at the pagoda are carved from jackfruit wood, ancient, painted with gold, completely covered with gold, and gorgeous. The way of arranging statues at Kim Trang Pagoda is almost the same as at the Buddha Hall of Duc La Pagoda. Meaning: at the front of the hall are two rather large statues of Dharma protectors; Next to it are the Holy Saint and the Monsignor's statue, also painted and gilded, sitting on a noble throne; Stepping into the Three Jewels throne, there is a whole "world" of Buddhas gathered on the Buddha hall. In particular, the statues of the 7 monks at the back of the hall are all portrait statues, no two are the same but resemble real people more than Buddhist rules. That is also a unique feature of the statues of monks that only exist at Kim Trang Pagoda. In addition, at the altar of the Mother Goddess, there is a statue of the Mother Goddess painted in a sitting position, with a 3-point high neck, a beautiful, kind face, wearing a phoenix hat, painted with gold, also made of wood, beautiful. Kim Trang Pagoda is not only an ancestral pagoda with many spiritual values ​​but also a valuable source of documents containing unique artistic values ​​in terms of history, architecture and religion.


Ve Pagoda



In 2018, when renovating the pagoda, local people discovered 3 lotus stone pedestals in the style of the Tran Dynasty (XIII-XIV centuries) under the foundation of the Three Jewels. The stone pedestal has square edges, is made of green stone, and the surface is decorated with a lotus flower with petals arranged in a circle. The lotus flower consists of 16 main petals and 16 lower petals. Along the lotus petals there is a sunken edge. Meticulous and delicate touches enhance the nobility of the lotus flower. This opens up a new perspective on the history of Ve Pagoda. It is possible that this ancient pagoda was built during the Tran Dynasty - unlike previously, it was thought that Ve Pagoda was built during the Le Dynasty (17th - 18th centuries). . The pagoda is located next to two communal houses (Ca and Chung) creating an ancient feature in the center of Ve village looking south. In the minds of local elders, Ve Pagoda is ancient and beautiful, especially since Monk To Giap Linh came here to become the abbot and together with local people, he repaired the pagoda, carved statues, and cast bells. The pagoda's architecture at that time was of the "domestic, foreign" style, including all construction items: Three gates, garden grounds, Tam Bao court, two corridors, and the match-stack style Chung house. Behind the back hall is the 5-room Patriarch church, next to it is the Trai house, the Kinh printing house, the Taoist house, the Guest house and below is the Mother Goddess shrine. After many renovations, today, Ve village pagoda has basically been restored to its original architecture. The entire project is more than 5 thousand square meters wide, the Tien Duong building has 5 rooms and 2 wings with 4 tiled roofs. The roof frame is made of solid wood, the roof rafters are mounted in a husband-and-wife style, and the lower gong racks are crossed. On the wooden structures carved with patterns of clouds and leaves, the wall behind the Upper Palace is carved with reliefs of the four sacred animals (dragon, lychee, tortoise, phoenix) airy yet simple, expressing the tolerance and greatness of the door. Buddha with proofs from the ten directions. Ve Pagoda also preserves many valuable documents and artifacts, most notably the system of ancient Buddha statues. Each statue is carved to standards, delicately, and beautifully painted in plum color, worthy of being a unique work of art in the Le Dynasty. Other documents and artifacts such as incense bowls, wooden drums, incense sticks of the Nguyen Dynasty (19th century), bells of the Tay Son Dynasty and especially stone incense sticks of the Le Dynasty, Vinh Thinh era (1705-1720)... are valuable. cultural historical value and scientific research value. Every year, Ve Pagoda festival is held on January 7 with many rituals and folk games imbued with national cultural identity. A typical example is the game of pulling the Chinese characters "Thien Ha Thai Binh" or "All the people celebrate"... Accordingly, each word has 30 people, 4 letters at a time, young men and women holding flags, fans, flowers, and wearing uniforms. following the instructions of the two chess masters. Sit down, stand up 3 times, toss flowers, shout out the letters you've been assigned, and walk around the yard according to the flag leader's orders. Capture the bridge is also a unique game of the Ve village festival. This is the belief of agricultural residents who want to pray for good weather and good harvests. With unique cultural and architectural values, Ve Pagoda was ranked as a national Art Monument in 1994.


Nguyet Ho Temple



Nguyet Ho Temple is one of the ancient relics associated with thousands of years of history and civilization of the homeland of Bac Giang. The temple is located in a land with many relics upstream of the Thuong River in Huong Vi commune, Yen The district, Bac Giang. In recent years, Nguyet Ho Temple has been considered a spiritual and religious highlight, attracting thousands of visitors from all over the country to make pilgrimages to seek fortune, wealth, and peace in life. living. According to the legend passed down, the Bo region (Yen The) with the legend of Lord Nguyet Ho was recorded as follows: At the end of the reign of Hung Due Vuong, the Thuc army massively brought troops to invade the Hung family's country. Hung Due Vuong then issued an edict to go everywhere to find talented people to help the king eliminate the enemy. At that time, in the Bo region, Mr. Cao and Mr. Quy applied for jobs and were chosen by the king to defeat the enemy. Paying thanks to the king, the two men pulled their troops here day and night to train their soldiers and horses, waiting for the opportunity to destroy the enemy. When the Thuc army arrived, the two sides fought fiercely, the enemy was strong, our army was weak, Mr. Cao and Quy commanded the soldiers to retreat along the banks of the Thuong River and then chose a dangerous terrain to return to kill the enemy. The warship couldn't move because the girls loved this land so they left the boat and returned to the Bo region. The two military commanders returned to fight the enemy, but were suddenly counterattacked. The Shu army suddenly suffered a major defeat. Those who retreated were all chased and destroyed by the soldiers. After defeating the enemy, the two men returned to reward their soldiers and then returned to court to report their merits to the king. Before returning to court, the two men rode straight to the Tu Forest area to look over the Bo area again and then suddenly appeared there. The wife and daughter knew that they missed them so they also changed their minds, that day was February 15. After defeating the Shu army, the king awarded the famous generals the title Thuong Dang Phuc Than and ordered the localities where the famous generals fought the enemy to build temples and shrines to worship forever. King Le Dai Hanh's reign bestowed upon the deities in the Bo region: "Cao Son Quy Minh, great virtuous, heroic and brave, Great Vuong Thuong, classy god". During the Nguyen Dynasty, the locality built a temple at Blood Lake, asking the court to worship the goddess Nguyet Nga, wife and daughter of the Cao god. In the third year of King Tu Duc's reign (1850), Lady Nguyet Nga was ordained and given to the people of the Bo area to worship her. Later, Princess Nguyet Nga was ordained. During the first year of King Duy Tan's reign (1907), Lady Nguyet Nga was also ordained. Princess Nguyet Ho Temple has a long history. In the past, the temple had a palace to worship Princess Nguyet Nga and was decorated according to the Mother Goddess religion. Over time, the temple has been repaired and renovated many times by local people and benefactors. The current relic complex includes the following construction items: Temple gate, temple yard, Moon Lake, main temple area including the main hall and harem, the architecture is in the traditional ancient style. In the harem, there is a statue of the princess of the temple, Lord Nguyet Ho (ie Princess Nguyet Nga) and arranged with statues according to the Mother Goddess religion, including the Holy Mother row, the Quan row, the Chau row, the Hoang, the aunts, uncles and the Saint. Bare. The two palaces outside the great temple are also decorated with statues according to the Mother Goddess religion. Thus, according to its long history, Nguyet Ho Temple has been covered with many layers of beliefs, in addition to worshiping "Princess Nguyet Ho - Lord Boi", also worshiping "Three Holy Mothers", worshiping Co, worshiping Cau, worshiping Son. Trang, worshiping the Kings and Saint Tran Trieu... For a long time, Nguyet Ho Temple has been covered with a layer of "Mother worship" beliefs. According to researchers, the belief in Mother Goddess worship is a belief of ancient Vietnamese people that has existed for a long time and is increasingly developing. Lady Nguyet Ho's feast day is the 15th day of the second lunar month. On the festival day, the people of Bo area carry palanquins from Bo Ha communal house to Ha temple, Trung temple and Thuong temple. After worshiping at Trung temple, the palanquin procession returns to Nguyet Ho temple. Here, the sacrifice to Lord Nguyet Ho is conducted with unique rituals such as the offering ceremony to Lord Nguyet Ho. The offering poem to Lord Nguyet Ho is expressed through the form of singing. The person chosen to perform the song and literature must have a good singing voice, be good at playing music, and have a family free of trouble. In the Mother Goddess worship ritual at the temple of Lady Nguyet Ho, there is also a shadow maid ritual that takes place at the beginning of the year and during festivals. Visitors to the Mother Goddess and Shadow Maid Ceremony are mainly visitors from Hai Phong, Hai Duong, Quang Ninh, Lang Son, Hanoi.... gathered here to be presented to Lord Nguyet Ho. The Nguyet Ho Temple Festival is located in the common space of the Mother Goddess cult following the ritual route of Nguyet Ho Temple - Suoi Mo Temple - Bac Le Temple - Mo Ba Temple - Thuong Dong Dang Temple and finally down to Ba Chua Kho Temple - Bac Ninh .


Ba Tia Waterfall



Located in the west of Tay Yen Tu conservation area, Son Dong has been known to many tourists for its poetic natural scenery such as Khe Ro primeval forest, peaceful golden water stream with a unique yellow color, Dong village. High windy and peaceful. And it would be remiss not to mention Ba Tia Waterfall, a destination that is hard to miss when exploring this wild but charming land. Coming to Thanh Son town (Son Dong), go about 3km further and you will reach the downstream of Ba Tia waterfall. But according to the experience of backpackers, to fully experience the beauty of the waterfall, backpackers must park their motorbikes at a local house and walk about 1km further. Overcoming bumpy roads with stones of all sizes covered with green moss that are easy to slip and fall, the natural scenery appearing before them makes everyone forget all their fatigue and hardship. Ba Tia Waterfall is the source of the quiet and peaceful Nuoc Vang stream. The water of the waterfall also has a characteristic yellow color. When you arrive at the source, you will be surprised and excited to see the majestic beauty of the waterfall at a height of 20m. Rushing streams of water pour down through many steps, and there is a rumbling waterfall, releasing white foam, creating vibrant sounds. There is a section where the water is peaceful, weaving through the rocks as if someone's silk ribbon was running across the forest. Surrounding the waterfall are primeval forests with all kinds of pine trees, ironwood, chestnuts... and animals such as deer, wild boar... The scenery of the young water is charming and charming. Summer comes to Ba Tia waterfall, leaving behind the noise, dust, and worries of the city, immersing yourself in the cool water, immersing yourself in the green natural scenery of ancient trees, immersed in the sound of music. Chirping wild birds bring a feeling of relaxation and peace. Having just been discovered and still possessing wild beauty, Ba Tia waterfall is considered a destination for young people who love adventure and want to return to nature. Coming here, groups of friends can camp overnight, light a campfire, grill their own stream fish, or enjoy delicious roasted chicken and typical dishes of ethnic minorities. number of this place. Because it has not been exploited and invested in, the road to the waterfall is still difficult, but if you have conquered the road, the charming scenery will make you feel it is not worth the effort. Even more surprised and excited by what nature has bestowed on this land.


Sunflower Field



Let's Travel - Thousands of sunflowers blooming in a field in Bac Giang are attracting many young people to take photos. This promises to be one of the "hot" Bac Giang tourist destinations in the near future. 55 km from the center of Hanoi towards Highway 1A, this field of nearly 3 hectares of sunflowers is located on the campus of Rose Garden film studio in Bac Giang. The flowers have bloomed since the recent April 30 holiday and now attract many tourists to see and take photos. The owner of the flower garden is Mr. Le Van Duong (Da Mai ward, Bac Giang city). He said that because he loved this flower, he invested in planting and upgrading the garden into a wedding photography studio. Drawing experience from the first planting, Mr. Duong said: "The flowers only bloom for about 15 days before they wither. In the following seasons, I divided the planting into 3 batches so that there would always be flowers to serve customers' needs." You should go early to get good pictures. The ideal time is from 7am to 11am. The flower field also attracts many couples to take wedding photos. To get here, from Hanoi center, visitors can drive along National Highway 1A to Viet Yen, turning through DT284 road. Going to My Do street, turn left to Hoang Hoa Tham to reach the garden. The garden is open every day of the week, from 6am to 9pm. The entrance fee per person is 50,000 VND. If you go in a group of 5 or more people, you will get a 20% discount on the ticket price, from 30 people, you will get a 30% discount. If you want to take wedding photos, you can contact the garden owner directly.


Dong Thong Ecotourism Area



Dong Thong eco-tourism area is located in Tuan Mau commune, Son Dong district, 87 km from Bac Giang city center and 130 km Northeast from Hanoi city. From here you can go to Suoi Mo Tourist Area, Luc Nam District with 25 km, or follow the beautiful provincial road 279 to reach Ha Long World Heritage Tourist Area, Quang Ninh with 65 km... and visit Join many trips to beautiful landscapes in the region. Dong Thong eco-tourism area belongs to the West Yen Tu tourist route - a key tourist route being focused on planning and building by Bac Giang province. Dong Thong tourist area is also a place to preserve many rare animal species. In addition, this is also a stopping point for tourists before conquering Phu Van Yen Tu peak from the West. Coming to Dong Thong, visitors can visit Non market to enjoy the taste of Yen Tu forest honey and the typical leaf yeast wine specialties here; or learn about the customs, culture, and folk rituals of ethnic people such as: Rain praying ceremony, new rice worshiping ceremony, and bestowal ceremony of Dao people in Mau and Dong Thong villages. Also in Dong Thong, tourists have a picnic through the forest up to Dong Pagoda and other pagodas in the pagoda complex on the Yen Tu mountain range. To awaken the great potential that nature bestows, the People's Committee of Bac Giang province has currently approved an investment project of over 2,700 billion VND for renovating, upgrading and renewing the transportation system from Bac Giang city to Bac Giang city. Connecting to Provincial Road 293, passing through Yen Dung, Luc Nam and Son Dong districts, this is a favorable condition for Bac Giang to strongly develop cultural, spiritual and ecological tourism on the West Yen Tu route.


Tay Yen Tu nature reserve



Tay Yen Tu Nature Reserve, Bac Giang province has a total area of ​​13,022.6 hectares of forests and forestry land. With an average altitude of 300 - 1000 m above sea level. In addition to storing and preserving many rare species of flora and fauna, the reserve also has many beautiful natural landscapes that are potential to exploit and develop tourism with 4 main tourist routes. The historical complex of Dong Pagoda and the pagodas on the Yen Tu range is a spiritual realm, associated with the Truc Lam Zen sect founded by King Tran Nhan Tong, which built this relic complex. Following the road from Mau village (Tuan Mau commune), visitors will hike through the forest with a very rich tropical flora and fauna bestowed by nature, leading the way to Dong Pagoda and other pagodas in the area. Pagoda complex on Yen Tu mountain range. The center of Dong Thong eco-tourism area is located close to the foot of the mountain, a large and spacious house on stilts, located next to a level 4 house right next to the romantic Nuoc Trong stream, with clear water flowing from the groundwater. from the ravine of the vast old forest. On the other side is an ancient pine tree, whispering in the wind mixed with the sound of a gurgling stream as if telling stories from the past. On the way, you will meet colorful Orchids and Cymbidiums sparkling with colors, here and there the chirping sounds of birds and animals calling out to the flock in a quiet space as if welcoming visitors. Approaching Dong Pagoda, you will admire and take pictures next to a giant stone turtle that is thousands of years old. Blending your heart with nature, grass, trees, flowers, with sincerity towards Buddha's world, after a trip, visitors will feel light and peaceful. You can stay at the tourism operation center of the Nature Reserve Management Board in Thanh Son town with comfortable, self-contained rooms. Visit Non market to enjoy the taste of Yen Tu forest honey, the specialty of leaf yeast wine that captivates people's hearts. You can stay at the stilt house at Dong Thong eco-tourism center. Visit and learn about the customs, culture, and folk rituals of ethnic people such as: Rain praying ceremony, new rice worshiping ceremony, and bestowal ceremony of the Dao people in Mau and Dong Thong villages. From Thanh Son town, go about 4 km of asphalt road, you will immediately meet a stream called Nuoc Vang in Thanh Luan commune. From here, you will picnic along the stream along the rocky slope, or the trail through the forest for about 2 km and you will see the majestic Ba Tia waterfall with your own eyes. A main waterfall is divided into 3 strong streams flowing into a basin with white water foam and then gently winding down the stream. It is not clear who named the waterfall, but for a long time the waterfall has been called Ba Tia. You will freely swim and dive in the clear basin-shaped water, all feelings of fatigue will disappear without even knowing it. From the center of An Chau Town (Son Dong district), going through 15 km of asphalt road, you will reach Bien village with Kinh, Tay, Dao and Hoa ethnic groups with distinct cultural identities and customs but still in harmony. So many lives gathered together and stuck together. They live mainly on pure agriculture, growing wet rice, raising cattle and poultry, growing crops and cultivating fields... Some people, when they have free time, often go to the forest to get medicinal plants for processing. Traditional medicine treats diseases according to traditional medicine. The scenery of Khe Ro forest is very pristine, containing many things to discover, like taking us into the wonderland of dense old forests. Streams, waterfalls, precarious rock rapids, landscapes of Ba Floor waterfall (Khe Din), Dong Duong waterfall (An Lac commune) are shimmering and beautiful like miniature Ban Gioc waterfall in Trung Khanh (Cao Bang). Especially Vung Tron lakes have clear water in the middle of the forest, where you can swim freely. Located on the lake is a stilt house nestled in the shadow of an ancient forest reflecting its reflection in the water. Visitors can stay at the stilt house overnight to feel the mysterious and quiet space of the mountains and forests. Participate in watching fish, crabs and catching snails with the indigenous people...you will definitely have a delicious night's meal. Delicious to drink with the leafy yeast wine of the ethnic people, even if tourists once set foot here, they will feel nostalgic and never want to return. From Than intersection, Luc Nam town (Luc Nam district), follow provincial road 289, cross Luc Nam bridge about 30 km, you have come to the scenic eco-tourism route of Nuoc Vang Stream - Giot Waterfall. This place has a very strange stream, which has been flowing endlessly for thousands of years with golden water that is as silky and smooth as wild honey. Nuoc Vang Forest is still pristine, the harmony between geology and climate creates vitality for all species of tropical plants and animals to grow very richly here. You will visit 2 ancient Trombone trees that are nearly 600 years old and watch the Giot waterfall, which is several tens of meters high, continuously flowing in four seasons, a stream of water like dusty rain like a dreamy white strip draped over the top of the mountain. . Behind the waterfall area is the ancient, natural Da Ran beach, with thousands of natural rocks with diverse shapes that you can look at forever without getting tired of your eyes. Coming to this tourist route, during the chestnut season, people sell them at Dong Dinh market for kilometers long. Luc Nam chestnut products are famous in many places in the market. This type of chestnut is fragrant when eaten. , both rich and fatty, the flavor is hard to forget even if you eat it once.


Dinh Huong Mausoleum



Dinh Huong Mausoleum in Dinh Huong village, Duc Thang commune, Hiep Hoa district, is a unique stone sculpture architectural complex of the Later Le period, recognized as a national historical and cultural relic since 1965. According to documents, Stored at the Department of Culture and Information of Hiep Hoa district, the mausoleum was built in 1727. In the mausoleum, the body of Duke La Quy Hau is kept. His real name is La Doan Truc (born in 1688 and died in 1749). He was a man of great merit to the three dynasties of the Later Le kings, and was twice sent as an envoy to the North. After his death, he was awarded the title Phuc Than. The mausoleum is located on a circular hill, about one hectare wide, surrounded by laterite walls (recently renovated). The architectural layout of the mausoleum consists of three main parts: The burial part in the middle, the worship part on the left, and the stele part on the right. The stone mausoleum is about 100 square meters built of square laterite. In front of the tomb are two mandarins leading horses standing facing each other. The pair of statues of mandarins leading horses are considered masterpieces of stone carving art. The military officer wearing a sword and leading a horse on the right side has a big face and wide jaw. The military officer carrying a sword and leading a horse on the left side has a long beard and small face. The entire statue's shape is elaborately carved, creating an extraordinary, dignified appearance. The worship area is also built square like the burial tomb, the wall is made of laterite, the front is built with steps, on top is a stone collapse, an altar throne, on both sides there are statues of maids carrying caskets and a pair of prostrate cows. Below the altar is an incense burner, a stone table, and a pair of chairs sitting with their faces facing up to the sky. The stone crocodile's entire body is covered with dragon-scale fur, and its head is covered with a long, beautifully carved mane. In the distance are a pair of elephants kneeling and prostrate. On the right side of the grave is a stele house with 4 arched doors, inside is a stone stele recording the merits of the person being worshiped. The text is still very sharp. Overall, the materials used to create the artistic architectural work of Lang Dinh Huong Mausoleum are mainly green stone, delicately chiseled and trimmed. Statues of people and animals at the mausoleum are made of green stone, carved very vividly. According to Mr. Dong Quang Khanh, Deputy Head of the Culture and Information Department of Hiep Hoa district, recently, through many sources, the Mausoleum has been invested in more than ten billion dong to repair and embellish. This is a favorite destination for residents, tourists and researchers.


Hang Chieng Waterfall - Khe Nuong Dau



There is an interesting ecotourism address that is quite familiar to indigenous people but is new and little known to other people in Tuan Dao commune (Son Dong), which is Hang Chieng - Khe Nuong Dau waterfall. On scorching summer days, this is truly an attractive cooling destination for people. "If you haven't been to Hang Chieng - Khe Nuong Dau" then you haven't been to Tuan Dao", the challenging introduction of Vice Chairman of Tuan Dao Commune People's Committee, Hoang Van Lap, further urged us to conquer the stream. high in the middle of endless mountains, even though the weather in the mountains that day was erratic, rainy and sunny. Located in the middle of a mountain ravine, surrounded by vegetation of protective forests in Lam Tuan village, according to the explanation of the Vice Chairman of the commune, the reason it was called Hang Chieng was during the period of anti-French guerrillas. The local people hid many gongs as signals when operating here, surrounded by lush mulberry fields. In the past, places in the commune, such as Tay Fort, Chua Fort, Da Bo, Ly Hai, Cua Dam... became the fear of the invaders. Local history records that, at the end of 1948, at Hang Chieng - Khe Nuong Dau, the Tuan Dao guerrilla team relied on the remote mountainous terrain as a base of operations, contributing with local soldiers to attack and destroy the area. Chua station of France. In the overall beauty of this natural forest, the clear waterfall must be mentioned. The stream water flows continuously, in some places the water flows rapidly into natural baths, and in other places the flow is very gentle and soft. To conquer the stream, visitors must spend 4 to 5 hours, climbing through the forest, soaking in the cool stream, admiring the wild natural scenery of the mountains, or trying to overcome rocks with The interesting shape will bring visitors many exciting and unforgettable impressions. A very comfortable, pleasant, sometimes ticklish feeling when walking in the middle of the vast mountains and forests. From above, the water roars down, chasing each other through large round rocks and flowing downstream. Tourists are ecstatic to see many waterfalls throwing white water spray. That stream is also the source of clean water for hundreds of households around this area. This is a wild and charming destination with dense forest canopy covering both sides of the stream. On hot summer afternoons, people from neighboring localities often invite each other to go to the stream to bathe. On hot days, whenever friends and relatives come to visit, local families rarely miss the opportunity to introduce and promote this waterfall. Coming to Tuan Dao, visitors not only enjoy climbing mountains and admiring the natural scenery, but also learn about the traditional customs and traditions of the Tay, Nung, Hoa, San Diu, Dao, and Cao ethnic minorities. Lan…


Xuong Giang ancient citadel



Bac Giang is an ancient land, with a historical tradition attached to the whole country during the process of building and defending the country. Xuong Giang Ancient Citadel is located in Xuong Giang commune, Bac Giang city, Bac Giang province. Xuong Giang is the name of the ancient citadel built by the Ming army in the 15th century (1407). The citadel was built of soil, the remaining traces show that the citadel was rectangular in shape, the length in the East - West direction measured 600m, the width in the North - South direction was 450m, an area of ​​27ha, thick and high earthen walls, four corners. There is a fortress, a wide moat surrounding it, 4 doors open, the main door looks to the west. Actual survey and relic records show that there are not many traces left of the ancient citadel, the citadel wall is about 3-4m higher than the field surface, the base is 25m wide, the side is 16-20m wide, 4 corners have 4 bastions 4m higher than the citadel surface, protruding completely outside, outside the citadel is a system of surrounding moats. During the first excavation in 2008, archaeologists from the Institute of Archeology initially sketched the system of architectural works of Xuong Giang ancient citadel. According to history books, the Xuong Giang victory of the Dai Viet army and people led by Le Loi, defeated 100,000 Ming invaders in nearly a month in the areas of Lang Son and Bac Giang today. With four major victories: the battle on October 10, smashing the vanguard army and killing Crown Prince Lieu Thang at Chi Lang gate; The battle on October 15 defeated the enemy army at Can Tram (Huong Son - Lang Giang), forcing enemy general Bao Dinh Ba Luong Minh to commit suicide; Ho Cat battle on October 18 (in Voi, Xuong Lam, Phi Mo - Lang Giang), causing Minister Ly Khanh to commit suicide and Xuong Giang battle on November 3, 1427 took place on Xuong Giang field (in communes Tan Dinh, Xuan Huong, My Thai, Lang Giang district and Tho Xuong, Bac Giang city) after 10 days of siege, the insurgent army defeated more than 70,000 enemy troops led by Thoi Tu and Hoang Phuc, forcing the Ming army in Dong Do (Hanoi) had to ask for goods to be withdrawn back home. The victory of the Lam Son - Le Loi insurgent army led by General Tran Nguyen Han, capturing Xuong Giang citadel and destroying Lieu Thang's army, made an important contribution to the historic victory, overthrowing the tyrannical rule of the dynasty. Minh lasted 20 years and was a decisive victory for our nation's independence in the 15th century. The siege of the Lam Son insurgent army on September 28, 1427 and the glorious extermination battle on November 3, 1427, which Le Quy Don assessed: From the Tran dynasty capturing Tich Le Co and O Ma Nhi until then, The Southern country's victory over the Northern enemy has never had such a big battle (according to Dai Viet history). Xuong Giang citadel was considered the center of the battle and later witnessed many important events of the homeland, especially the uprising under the leadership of Nguyen Huu Cau (He District) that occurred in the second half of the century. 18th century. To commemorate the historic victory of the Lam Son insurgent army at Xuong Giang citadel, Bac Giang province holds a festival every year on January 6-7. During the festival, there are many unique rituals and fun games. Before the opening day of the festival, on the evening of January 5, young people organize a campfire. At communal houses, pagodas, temples, shrines and cultural houses, torches and torches are lit all night so that at the next watch, the ranks are lined up, gongs and drums are brought to the festival opening. Early in the morning of the 6th day of the first lunar month, groups of people from wards and communes, raising flags, sounding drums, and carrying palanquins with bright and neat clothes, from the streets took turns marching towards the center to open the festival... With the meaning That history, on January 22, 2009, the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism issued Decision No. 293/QD-BVHTT-DL classifying Xuong Giang citadel as a national historical relic of Xuong Giang victory. There are 14 relics here: Northeast gate, east gate, north gate, southwest gate, south gate, central area, traces of the citadel, the section of Xuong Giang river flowing through the citadel; Archaeological excavation sites No. 2, 3, Phu well, Thanh temple and 2 points outside the protected area: southeast gate, west gate. Protected relic sites are scattered in alternating locations in residential areas of Dong Giang, Nam Giang, and Trai Bac villages in Xuong Giang commune. There is also a part of the area of ​​the Intermediate School of Culture - Sports and Tourism, the Plant Protection Department of Bac Giang province... With values ​​that have been recognized in history, consensus of all levels , industries and people, the historical relics of the Xuong Giang victory site will forever be the pride of the people of Bac Giang in particular and the Vietnamese people in general in the country's heroic history of fighting against foreign invaders.


West Yen Tu



Tay Yen Tu Bac Giang belongs to a complex of Buddhist relics. This place belongs to a spiritual land, with many beautiful natural landscapes. Much higher than other mountain ranges, surrounded by dense forests, amazing nature. It can be said that this place converges the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, a very suitable place to build pagodas, practice meditation... Yen Tu Mountain is located on the Dong Trieu arc in Northeast Vietnam. The East belongs to Quang Ninh, the West belongs to Bac Giang. This place has a terrain woven between mountains, plains, and midlands and is the cradle of development of the ancient Vietnamese people. The place has a heroic history of fighting against water loss in Vietnam. The system of historical relics here is associated with pagodas and towers along with the magnificence of the mountains and forests. The mountains are endless and many animals live here, creating a landscape that can be said to be the most beautiful in the Gulf of Tonkin. Some prominent tourist destinations here include: Suoi Mo, Binh Long, Dong Thong eco-tourism area, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda, Am Vai, Ho Bac... In particular, on the western slope of Yen Tu there are a series of related relics. Closely related to the formation and prosperity of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect such as: Vinh Nghiem Pagoda, Am Vai, Ho Bac, Binh Long, Suoi Mo, Dong Thong ecological area... Tay Yen Tu is a tourist attraction Spirituality is built and developed with the aim of recreating the path of promoting Buddhism of Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong. This place has a rugged mountainous natural terrain, suitable for eco-tourism development. The local government, with the policy of promoting eco-tourism and spirituality, established Tay Yen Tu. When visiting Tay Yen Tu, the first thing you will learn is the story of King Tran Nhan Tong becoming a monk. This is the Buddha Emperor who has many legends associated with the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect. You will learn the origins as well as the culture and customs of Zen Buddhism. Tay Yen Tu is a large pagoda with an extremely unique architectural structure. Overall it is divided into 3 separate areas as follows: Ha Pagoda with flat campus and extremely convenient location for sightseeing and entertainment. This place is also the center of festivals, tourist activities, and religious activities. Trung Pagoda is located at the back of Yen Tu mountain. Here are mainly areas such as the observatory and the walking path to Thuong Pagoda. There is a parallel path with a cable car and some stops to rest and buy souvenirs. Thuong Pagoda is considered the final destination of Yen Tu mountain. This is the most ideal place for Buddhists to meditate. Tay Yen Tu was awarded the title of Vietnamese Cultural Monument by the Department of Culture and Tourism. That's why when you come here, you are discovering a land with many extremely long-standing customs and traditions. Some cultural events here attract not only Vietnamese but also foreign tourists. Every year, there are nearly 1 million domestic visitors and nearly 5,000 foreign tourists coming to explore. Bac Giang is in the Northern region, 50km east of Hanoi. Tay Yen Tu is a long-standing system of historical and cultural relics. Tay Yen Tu is located west of Yen Tu Mountain in Bac Giang province. This place is the birthplace of the Truc Lan Yen Tu sect of the Tran Dynasty, and is recognized by Unesco as a world cultural heritage.


Ba Be Spring Festival



Ba Be Spring Festival is held on the 9th and 10th of the first lunar month every year. Boat racing, Con throwing, wrestling, archery and traditional dance and singing performances of ethnic groups are held during the festival. The festival also helps visitors understand more about the people and cultural traditions here. Ba Be Lake is located in the northern midlands of Bac Kan province, 240km from Hanoi. This place concentrates 7 ethnic groups including the Tay, Nung, Dao and Hmong..., of which the Tay accounts for 61%. The traditional customs and culture of these ethnic groups have attracted many tourists from all over the country as well as international visitors. Ba Be Lake is the most beautiful landscape of Bac Kan province with a unique traditional cultural treasure of ethnic minorities. This place has attracted many domestic and foreign tourists. Ba Be Lake Festival is held on the 9th and 10th of the first lunar month every year. Boat racing, Con throwing, wrestling, archery and traditional dance and singing performances of ethnic groups are held during the festival. The festival also helps visitors understand more about the people and cultural traditions here. Ba Be Lake is located at an altitude of 145m above sea level and is surrounded by limestone mountains up to 1,754m high. It is believed to have been formed 200 million years ago. The name Ba Be is due to 3 interconnected lakes with a total length of 8km and width of 3km. Because of the size of Ba Be Lake, people here consider Ba Be Lake as their sea. There are many small islands in the lake, especially Ao Tien. Legend has it that in the past, fairies in the sky often came to bathe and play chess. Ba Be seems more beautiful when there is a primeval forest with rich flora and fauna and each river and stream is as clear as a soft silk strip. On these days, people both celebrate Tet and prepare for the festival. People make many different types of cakes from glutinous rice flour soaked with forest leaves such as heaven cake, survey cake, sticky rice cake... and then the specialty Khua Quang wine distilled from corn grown on the top of the mountain is distilled with leaf yeast, then drunk. You will feel lightheaded like walking on clouds for several days. On the festival day, each commune and town in Ba Be district sets up camps and sells all kinds of local specialties. Brocade fabrics, ethnic clothes, shiitake mushrooms, wood ear mushrooms, honey, corn wine, dried bamboo shoots, even potatoes, cassava, pumpkins, and wild cat beans are also solemnly displayed at the table introducing local specialties. direction. On the morning of the tenth day, the festival officially opened. The opening ceremony was the offering ceremony of 16 communes. The offerings of the communes are simply sticky rice, chicken, a bunch of bananas, banh xeo and a bottle of corn wine. These sixteen offerings were respectfully offered by village women to the mountain gods, river gods, and lake gods to pray for a peaceful year with favorable weather, good harvests, and the proliferation of all things.


ATK Area, Don Market, Bac Kan



ATK - Cho Don historical relic site (Bac Kan) belongs to the Viet Bac relic complex, which marks the activities of President Ho Chi Minh and central leaders during the resistance war against the French (1946 - 1954). )... ATK - Cho Don historical relic site (Bac Kan) belongs to the Viet Bac relic complex, which marks the activities of President Ho Chi Minh and central leaders during the resistance war against the French. (1946 - 1954). During the long resistance war against the invading French colonialists, together with Dai Tu, Dinh Hoa (Thai Nguyen), Son Duong, Chiem Hoa (Tuyen Quang) districts, Cho Don district received the noble and sacred task: The Party Central Committee was chosen by Uncle Ho as the Safe Zone of the resistance. This land was welcomed and sheltered by Central agencies and the highest leaders of the Party and State. Honored and proud for the whole nation, Cho Don district welcomed Uncle Ho back on December 8, 1947 to lead and direct the resistance. During the period from 1947 to 1951, Uncle Ho lived and worked in Ban Ca, Na Quan (Binh Trung commune), Na Pau (Luong Bang commune). Cho Don district also witnessed the presence of comrade Truong Chinh, General Secretary of the Party Central Committee in Khuoi Linh (Nghia Ta commune); Prime Minister Pham Van Dong at Khau Ma hill (Luong Bang commune); Na Quan hamlet (Binh Trung commune) was chosen as the location for the Party Central Committee hall in the years from 1947 to 1952, where the Conference summarizing the Border Campaign took place. These places have been ranked as national historical relics by the State. During the period from 1947 to 1952, most central agencies were stationed in Cho Don district such as: Voice of Vietnam, Radio Authority, Military Technical Department, Military School, Military Arsenal. , Cuu Quoc Newspaper Printing Factory, Military Medical Surgical Station... Since being selected as the Safety Zone, the Party Committee and the young government of Cho Don have had the important task of protecting the Safety Zone base. The urgent work of the Party Committee and Cho Don government at that time was to clean up the area, fight against espionage wars, consolidate communications... The movement to emulate food production and supply was for resistance to be promoted among the entire population. Everyone here upholds the awareness of keeping secrets and wholeheartedly protects the central agencies. Cho Don youth enthusiastically volunteered to join the main force to fight the Western resistance war, volunteered to participate in Youth Volunteer Leagues to build roads... Coming to the ATK - Cho Don relic site, in addition to Visiting traditional historical relics, visitors have many opportunities to learn about local people's lives, discover the cultural beauty that only this place has, and witness the ever-changing landscape. in a land rich in revolutionary tradition.


Phu Thong Fort relic



Phu Thong Fort historical relic area is 300m from Phu Thong town intersection, located at the intersection of National Highway 3 and Provincial Road 258 in Phu Thong town, Bach Thong district and 18 km south of Bac Kan city. North. During the resistance war against the French colonialists, Bac Kan was a resistance base, a key area in the French colonialists' plans to attack Viet Bac during the Viet Bac Fall-Winter campaign in 1947. This place was in September. In October 1947, the French expeditionary force led by Lieutenant Colonel So Va Nhac with 1,200 troops parachuted into Bac Kan town (now Bac Kan city), opening the Viet Bac - Autumn Winter campaign in 1947; On October 15, 1947, they marched up, occupied, and built a fortified station on a hill in the Na Cot mountain area, Phu Thong town, in order to control and destroy our forces. Their force includes 01 infantry company, 01 support platoon of about 150 enemy soldiers with many advanced weapons including rifles and grenades. The fort is rectangular, 100m long, 50m wide, the fort gate faces south, made of solid wood, the wall is made of soil, 01 m thick, 02 m high, inside and outside are wooden walls, outside there are supporting piles. , 04 sides have many battlements; The 4 corners of the fort are 4 mother bunkers, built with 2-storey houses made of brick and stone: The Northwest corner has a 12mm 7 gun and a 60mm mortar. The Northeast corner arranged 01 medium machine gun, the Southeast corner arranged 01 machine gun and 81mm mortar. Here, our troops raided Phu Thong station three times. These were the first barrack battles that affirmed the maturity of the Vietnamese people's army, and at the same time were exercises to learn from experience to destroy the stronghold. Dien Bien Phu point, defeating the invading French colonialists with the historic Dien Bien Phu victory "famous in five continents, shaking the earth" in 1954. In 1996, the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports & Tourism) has ranked the Phu Thong Fort historical site as a national historical site. Since then, the monument has always been preserved. Every year, the historical site welcomes many delegations from the central and local levels to visit. This is also a place for ideological education for the younger generation, remembering the gratitude of our ancestors who died for us. peace, independence and freedom today, including many anonymous graves, many graves have names but no relatives have come to claim them. Therefore, we hope that we always strive to live better to build our country more and more beautiful and everlasting.


Na Tu historical relic site



Ta Nu Youth Volunteers Historical Relic Area is the place where Uncle Ho met and gave the Volunteer Volunteers 4 verses: "Nothing is difficult/ Only afraid that the heart will not be strong/ Digging mountains and filling the sea/ Determination will lead to make”; was built from 2016 - 2018 with a total investment of 38.3 billion VND, including items such as Uncle Ho's statue cluster with TNXP, reception house, Uncle Ho's worship room, fenced garden, and auxiliary areas. . In 1996, the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) recognized and ranked Na Tu relic as a national historical relic. Spaciously restored relics include a stilt house commemorating Uncle Ho; stele houses, youth volunteer camps and auxiliary works. Na Tu historical site, Cam Giang commune was honored to welcome many senior leaders of the Party and State, and youth union members throughout the country. and tourists come to visit. This is where the Youth Volunteer Team 312 is stationed, whose mission is to protect Na Cu Bridge (an important bridge on National Highway 3 to ensure smooth traffic on the route, serving the front line). This is where on March 28, 1951, a special event took place between Uncle Ho and young volunteers. In June 1950, the Party Central Committee decided to open the Border campaign. To meet the requirements of the resistance war, it was necessary to mobilize tens of thousands of young, healthy workers to serve the resistance war. This force includes young volunteers and civil servants who pave roads, protect bridges, and transport food and ammunition for the goal of "all for the victorious campaign". At that time, President Ho Chi Minh directly instructed the Central Vietnam Youth Union to establish a youth volunteer team to serve the battlefield. On July 15, 1950, the youth volunteer team was established. After the campaign, the Vietnam-China border was opened, Road No. 3 not only became our campaign road on the North Indochina battlefield, but also the vital traffic road of the whole country. This is the route from Hanoi to Thai Nguyen, through Bac Kan, over Giang Pass, Gio Pass to Cao Bang, meeting Road 4 (Cao Bang - Lang Son - Mong Cai), from National Highway 3 there are many other traffic routes. Connected to neighboring provinces, convenient for transportation to the Vietnam-China border. At that time, clearly realizing the importance of Route 3, the French colonialists focused their air force on fierce attacks to cut off this strategic transportation route. To ensure traffic for the Viet Bac war zone, Youth Volunteer Teams were assigned the task of protecting along National Highway 3, taking on the responsibility of protecting and repairing the vital road of the resistance. On March 19, 1951, President Ho Chi Minh directly went to the Border region to inspect the repair of bridges and roads from Thai Nguyen to Cao Bang, visited youth volunteer forces and a number of transport and warehouse units. along the route. On March 28, 1951, at Na Tu Forest, Youth Volunteer Team 312 was honored to welcome Uncle Ho. Accompanied by Uncle Ho was also comrade Tran Dang Ninh - General Director of the General Department of Food, after coming to shake hands with Uncle Ho. young people and kindly visited, suddenly Uncle asked: "Is it difficult for you, uncles, to dig mountains?", in unison, brothers and sisters volunteered to speak up: "No, Uncle", "So, aunts, uncles, did you fill it?" "Is it okay?" A voice timidly replied: "Dear Uncle! We have never seen the sea." He smiled and said, "Digging mountains and filling the sea, two things are difficult, but if we have determination, we can all do it. After saying that, words became poems. Uncle read four four words to the Youth Volunteer Volunteer Team. verse. The event of Uncle Ho visiting the 312 Youth Volunteer Team in Na Tu and giving four verses of poetry was a great source of encouragement for the young soldiers on the front line to ensure traffic. The four verses of Uncle Ho's gift to the Youth Volunteer Team were Comrade Duong Thiet Son (then Secretary of the Bac Kan Provincial Party Committee) who took Uncle Ho to visit the unit, transferred it to the Central Youth Union and was set to music by musician Hoang Ha into the song "Youth follow Uncle Ho's words." . Since then, Uncle Ho's teachings have become a guideline for all actions of generations of Vietnamese youth, always determined to strive to excellently complete assigned tasks, greatly contributing to the cause of national liberation. , reunification.


Kim Hy Nature Reserve



Kim Hy Nature Reserve is located in Na Ri district, Bac Kan province, with an area of ​​over 14,000 hectares, stretching from Vu Muon and Cao Son communes (Bach Thong district) to Luong Thuong, An Tinh and Con Minh communes (Bach Thong district). Na Ri district), is a place that preserves the pristine state of amazing nature along with a rich and diverse ecosystem of animals and plants, with forests on limestone mountains, symbolizing the unique value of Northeast region of Vietnam. Kim Hy Nature Reserve is located in Na Ri district, Bac Kan province, with an area of ​​over 14,000 hectares, stretching from Vu Muon and Cao Son communes (Bach Thong district) to Luong Thuong, An Tinh and Con Minh communes (Bach Thong district). Na Ri district), is a place that preserves the pristine state of amazing nature along with a rich and diverse ecosystem of animals and plants, with forests on limestone mountains, symbolizing the unique value of Northeast region of Vietnam. Kim Hy Nature Reserve is highly appreciated by domestic and international scientists for its richness of many rare species of animals and plants that must be strictly managed and protected. Among them are white-cheeked langurs, squirrels, and monkeys, which are species currently at risk of extinction globally. In particular, coming to Kim Hy Nature Reserve, you will witness the diversity of bats here - considered the highest diversity in Vietnam. Kim Hy is also home to a number of rare genetic resources of endangered endemic plants such as the false ironwood tree, also known as stone pine, which in the world today remains in 4 mountainous provinces. the North of our country and 2 provinces of Guangxi and Guangdong (China). Not only that, this is also considered a large precious wood warehouse of Bac Kan province with tens of thousands of pine trees and mountain pines. In addition to flora and fauna, Kim Hy Nature Reserve is also rich in mineral resources, especially gold. Coming to Kim Hy, you can explore the rich ecosystem, venture into the forest along zigzag trails in the deep forest, learn and explore the hiding places of animals or discover tree trunks. Massive precious wood. Even more interesting is when you sit and rest under the canopy of the forest trees, enjoying the harmony of birds and the wind. Rich in resources, Kim Hy Nature Reserve in Bac Can province is not only devastated by illegal gold mining, but rare forest products classified as requiring strict protection are also continuously cut down at high rates. increasingly cruel.


Ban Chang Ecological Lake



Ban Chang Lake is located in Duc Van commune, 6 km south of the district center of Ngan Son district, bordering National Highway No. 3 going to Cao Bang. It is a beautiful natural lake, semicircular in shape, ideal terrain, located in a valley, with a surface area of ​​about 5 hectares, surrounded by vast pine forests, with a particularly fresh and cool climate. ; suitable for investing in developing eco-tourism, community tourism and collective tourism activities such as boating, swimming, fishing, camping... Currently, on weekends, summer days and holidays On holidays, Ban Chang Lake attracts a large number of backpacking groups, young people, and families to come here to organize picnic activities, have fun on weekends, grill chicken, fish, relax... With such special advantages In the future, Ban Chang Lake will become an attractive tourist destination for tourists to visit, relax and rest. It is also a highlight associated with traditional tours of the local and inter-regional Northeast regions.


Wind Pass



Hearing the two sounds of Gio Pass, the air was fresh and cool. Gio Pass belongs to Ngan Son district (Bac Kan), where many tourists stop. Standing on the top of the pass is like standing in a vast, majestic space. Looking down below, the pass is National Highway 3 connecting the two provinces of Bac Kan and Cao Bang. Scattered on the roofs of ethnic people's houses at the foot of the mountain, in the evening, kitchen smoke rises like strangely beautiful mist. A majestic natural picture that most visitors must stop to enjoy the fresh air and beautiful mountain scenery. At the top of the pass, there are many restaurants serving tourists. The specialties here are jars of fragrant corn wine, the wines are soaked with many medicinal plants taken from the forest, and chili bamboo shoots are considered a specialty of the pass. Local people... When pear season comes, along the top of the pass, baskets of ripe, golden pears are sold, sweet and cool enough to soothe the body on hot summer afternoons. Honey is also a rare specialty, bottles of honey are thick, golden, sweet and have a pleasant aroma... In winter, there are hot boiled sweet corns that warm people's hearts... Overcoming a On the long journey from Bac Kan to Cao Bang, most tourists stop at the top of Gio Pass. Especially in the summer, washing your face with water flowing down from the rocky ravine is very refreshing. Enjoy delicious traditional dishes such as wild spinach, porridge, bee pupae stir-fried with sour bamboo shoots, dried buffalo meat stir-fried with garlic, especially in the cold winter, eating khau hump is really delicious, this dish is delicious. Made from taro and pork belly, it is a traditional dish of Bac Kan people displayed during festivals... As the highest pass of Ngan Son district, Gio Pass is known to many tourists from all over. Especially, you will see peach blossom petals and pink and white plum blossoms in the spring. Spring is coming, flower petals are shyly welcoming spring! Throughout the village, there will be bustling laughter and the afternoon smoke of the smell of sticky rice and grilled pork. The local people here will welcome a very warm and happy spring.


Na Khoang Waterfall



Na Khoang Waterfall is located at the foot of "Gia Cay" mountain in Na Khoang village, Na Phac town, Ngan Son district. This is one of the provincial-level scenic relics and also a place to exploit the province's tourism potential. Located about 45km north of Bac Kan city, visitors can reach Na Khoang waterfall by car, motorbike, bicycle... Na Khoang waterfall has a relatively steep slope, creating many large waterfalls. Different small terraced areas create a charming and unique landscape, located right next to National Highway 3, so it is very convenient for tourists to visit. From the road, visitors can see the white water flowing through the rocky slopes, standing out among the green of the trees is the Na Deng stream, which flows at the confluence with the Ban Mach stream. The Na Khoang waterfall area belongs to the tropical monsoon climate zone, with an average temperature of about 20 degrees Celsius. Around the waterfall area is mainly regenerated forest, coverage is about 85%. Coming to Na Khoang, visitors can admire the waterfall with a height of 5m, an average length of about 600m, and a width of about 15m. Na Khoang waterfall scenic spot has a system of large and small streams. When the water of Na Dang stream reaches the top of the waterfall, it meets rocky slopes from both sides to form a trough shape, making the flow winding like a small canal. This scene easily reminds visitors of the harmony of nature, with green trees on both sides of the stream, the white of the water, the gray of the rocks, all like an overall painting. It is the winding of the flow on the rocky slope that makes the seemingly disharmonious picture become soft and elegant. The solidity of the mountain rocks and the softness of the clear blue water soften the cold and roughness. Then everything seemed to burst open when the white water flowed from the top of this natural waterfall. The deep, clear blue water of Na Khoang is an ideal place for tourists to enjoy the fresh feeling of the stream, a place to relax after stressful and tiring working days. From Na Khoang, visitors can follow two paths to reach the waterfalls upstream. For tourists who want adventure, adventure, and thrills, follow the path upstream to the waterfalls upstream. As for tourists who do not want to take risks, they can follow the trail opened by Bac Hai Ha Co., Ltd. along Na Dang stream to explore the waterfalls upstream. On the way, visitors can leisurely and leisurely enjoy the freshness of the climate and ecological environment. Due to the good protection and restoration of the forests on both sides of the stream, on the way for tourists to explore the Na Khoang waterfall system are bamboo forests mixed with mixed woody plants. Each waterfall point is opened by the company from the trail, so that visitors can travel conveniently. Na Khoang has become an attractive eco-tourism area and the Provincial People's Committee issued Decision No. 2382/QD-UB dated November 8, 2010 recognizing and ranking Na Khoang waterfall relic as a level scenic relic. conscious. Nature has bestowed this place with a poetic, gentle waterfall with charming scenery and a fresh, cool climate that attracts tourists to Na Khoang waterfall to admire and rest.


Hua Ma Cave



Ba Be is an ideal tourist destination for tourists, sailing smoothly 6000 meters southwest of Ba Be Lake is Hua Ma Cave located in the scenic complex of Ba Be Lake, in the area of ​​Quang commune. Khe, Ba Be district (Bac Kan), a wonderful and attractive natural cave. To reach the cave, visitors must climb 300 meters to reach Hua Ma Cave, the cave entrance is 3 meters wide and 5 meters high. When entering the cave... Ba Be is an ideal tourist destination for tourists, sailing smoothly 6000 meters southwest of Ba Be lake is Hua Ma Cave located in the scenic complex of Ba Be. Ba Be Lake, located in Quang Khe commune, Ba Be district (Bac Kan), is a wonderful and attractive natural cave. To reach the cave, visitors must climb 300 meters to reach Hua Ma Cave, the cave entrance is 3 meters wide and 5 meters high. When entering the cave, visitors will enjoy the fresh and cool air, with shimmering stalactites of all shapes and sizes that fascinate visitors. Hua Ma Cave has been known to people for a long time, according to legend: Once the king traveled near the cave area, his horse could not cross the stream. The king then went down to ask the villagers and learned that this was the "Leo Pjèn" area, which means the place of ghosts and poisonous water. Every night in the cave, there are often pitiful cries that are the ghosts of honest people killed by the enemy. Hearing this, the king ordered his soldiers to build a pagoda at Tham Thinh cave to ask the Buddha to acquit the unjust souls to escape to paradise. After establishing this pagoda, people no longer heard the cries of suffering. . And to this day, people often call Dong Hua Ma, meaning horse head. Stalactites with many magical shapes, pen tower-shaped, lotus-shaped... white and black stalactites, shining with magical shimmering colors, cover the entire cave. In particular, the cave is very wide, about 1 hectare, the cave dome is about 10 meters high, and 500 meters deep, creating a cool space, with winds blowing into the cave to help visitors rest on hot summer days. When visiting the scenic beauty of Ba Be Lake, visitors will not be able to help but visit Hua Ma Cave, a wonderful cave for domestic and foreign tourists.


Fairy Cave



Nang Tien Cave, located in Luong Ha commune (Na Ri), is one of the natural caves with majestic beauty, associated with mystical legends. In 1999, Nang Tien cave was recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. National relic ranking schedule. From National Highway 3, turn along National Highway 3B for about 60km to reach Yen Lac town, Na Ri district. The Bac Giang river is like a gentle silk strip flowing through the middle of the valley, making this highland place even more poetic. From Yen Lac town, through the Old Quarter along the asphalt road about 5km towards Khuoi Hai, Luong Ha commune, you will reach the foot of Phja Trang mountain. Fairy Cave is hidden behind the green, pristine forest canopy. Watching from afar, Phja Trang mountain is shaped like a girl sleeping in the clouds; Follow the stone steps deep into the cave, natural stalactites formed over thousands of years sparkle and shimmer under the lights of magical glowing electric bulbs... It is known that this is a cave. naturally, about 60m deep into the mountain, the cave entrance is about 6m high, the height of the cave's dome is about 30-50m. From the cave entrance into the cave, there are many stalactites and stone pillars creating a magical and shimmering scene of "flying dragons and dancing phoenixes". The terraced fields near the cave with cool water flowing around are called fairy fields and fairy streams. Around the cave, there are small caves and niches, ranging from tens of meters to hundreds of meters in length, with some alleyways leading to the mountainside, making Nang Tien cave more mysterious and poetic. According to folklore, since ancient times, there were 7 fairies from heaven who came down to earth to bathe and enjoy the scenery in the stream at the foot of Phja Trang mountain. Because they were busy admiring the charming mountain and water scenery, picking flowers, and catching butterflies, before it got dark, the fairies didn't have time to return to heaven. Looking down from above, the sky mercifully created a cave for the fairies to stay overnight. From then on, people named that stream "Khuoi Hai" meaning moon stream, the place where fairies reside is called Fairy Cave. These two names have been passed down to this day. Local elders also said: There was an ancestor of the Ly family who carried a hammer to the forest to find trees to make hornets. While passing through the cave, he saw Fairies sitting and playing chess, partly because of his love of chess, partly because of his charm. Because of the beauty of the fairies, Mr. Ly took the handle of a hammer and sat down to watch the fairies play chess until dark, not knowing when to go home. At home, everyone searched for him day after day but couldn't find him, so he made a funeral. After watching the end of the chess game, the Ly family's ancestor carried the hammer to leave, but the hammer's handle was infested with termites. When he returned home, his family held a funeral for him for 3 years. Those mystical stories have been passed down to this day. Ranked as a national monument since 1999, currently, Nang Tien cave has gradually invested in roads, making it easy for cars to travel, hundreds of stairs are solidly built to the cave entrance; The cave entrance area is guarded by someone who holds the key to open the door when visitors come to visit. Fairy Cave is a national relic with great potential. To exploit it effectively, investment in restoration is needed to develop tourism in a professional and long-term manner. Preserving the original beauty associated with legends and beautiful highlights in the cave, excursions to visit Nang Tien cave combined with visiting ancient stilt houses, enjoying national dishes and listening to then and luon singing of Vietnamese artists. people... is an attractive tourist destination of Na Ri associated with the Ba Be tour - historical relics, revolutionary relics and scenic spots in the province, contributing to promoting tourism potential of local development.


Na Phong Cave



Na Phoong Cave is located in the Ba Be National Park complex, in Nam Mau commune, Ba Be district, Bac Kan province. This is an interesting destination that visitors to Ba Be Lake should not miss. Na Phoong Cave possesses magnificent natural beauty and is part of the Ba Be National Park tourist area complex. With a length of about 700m and a height of about 180m, Na Phoong Cave also has a special underground stream. From Nam Cuong commune, go through the cave to Bo Lu village where the stream flows into Ba Be Lake. Outstanding with its difficult and craggy terrain, during the difficult and fierce resistance war against the French colonialists, Na Phoong cave was chosen as the headquarters of the Voice of Vietnam (1950 - 1954). ).


An Ma Temple



Coming to Ba Be Lake tourism, in addition to immersing yourself and enjoying the poetic beauty of the caves and spots around the lake, visitors can also visit An Ma Temple - a spiritual destination located on An Ma island. in the middle of the lake, to pray for luck and peace. An Ma is a limestone island, located at the second lake (Pé Lu), about 30m above the lake level. The island is shaped like a horse wading in water, cupped like a turtle shell, the whole island is covered with green trees, making it a convenient place to observe the lake landscape. On the island there is An Ma temple, worshiping Buddha, Mother Goddess Thuong Ngan, Lord Son Trang, Saint Tran... This is an ancient temple restored and rebuilt in 2007, with a length of 9m, width of 6m, material Made of wood, roofed with tile. An Ma Temple has a sacred meaning, associated with the legend of Ba Be Lake. The story goes that in the past, the entire Ba Be Lake area today was a rich land and lush vegetation. Then suddenly one night, the sky became angry, the rain poured down loudly, the ground cracked, the entire Ba Be valley collapsed and became a vast sea of ​​water... Only the old woman's house lived a gentle, virtuous life and escaped. because the gods told us in advance that the flood would happen. Following the fairy's instructions, she gathered the village's young men to go North to find a new land. The group of people went forever and never returned. She waited forever, until her whole body turned into stone standing in the middle of Ba Be's sea and sky. On the remaining island, people call it "Po Gia Mai", which means "Ba Gai" island today. Thanks to the grace of the Widow who lived a gentle and virtuous life, and was told by the gods that "The Flood will happen" to save the villagers, local residents built a temple on the largest island in the middle of Ba Be Lake. Every year, on the 10th to 12th day of the first lunar month, villagers organize the Tong Tong Festival and go to the temple to pray for peace and blessings. For local people, An Ma temple is also associated with another event. Legend has it that the temple is a place to worship loyal mandarins of the Mac dynasty during the war against Le Mac feudalism. After losing the battle, they ran to Puong cave and committed suicide there. To commemorate the loyal mandarins, the people here built a temple to worship the Mac family, but were afraid of retaliation by the Le Dynasty's military officials, so they changed the name to the Ma family temple. An Ma Temple Festival is held on the 6th day of the second lunar month every year. Tourists coming here, in addition to the spiritual meaning, can also enjoy many types of precious orchids, which bloom all year round; Admire the blue lake in the fresh, peaceful air, dispelling all the fatigue and troubles of life.


Silver Waterfall, Golden Village



8km south of Ba Be Lake, 3km northwest of Hua Ma Cave, Silver Waterfall Ban Vang is located in Hoang Tri commune, Ba Be district, Bac Can province. This waterfall is a natural waterfall divided into many levels, the base of the waterfall is small lakes with an area of ​​​​100 to 200 square meters, forming beautiful natural beaches, and attracting many tourists. visit. Standing from the top of Khau Vang Pass, looking down, Silver Waterfall is like a graceful, soft white silk strip, hanging down from the deep sky. Looking up from the ground, you see the waterfall like a magical bridge, connecting the ground with the sky between the vast, vast space of the mountains and hills. The height of the waterfall is about 40m. The waterfall has vertical cliffs with high slopes, hidden in the endless green of primeval forests. Below there are clear, pure water pools along with large, gentle rocks. Coming here, you can enjoy the beautiful scenery, bathe, and take home beautiful and meaningful souvenir photos. Besides that scene, with the cool, fresh space, you also have the opportunity to immerse yourself in nature, have moments of relaxation, quiet and extreme comfort, your soul is also cleansed and cooled. than. Silver Waterfall has a pristine, rustic but pure beauty. Admiring Silver Waterfall, you feel like you are lost in a vast and vast natural landscape. The water is clear, but at each moment, it has its own color. The water of the waterfall is sometimes very deep and gently flows through the rocks downstream, sometimes it flows violently and torrentially. On hot summer days, being able to immerse yourself in this cool water is extremely wonderful. Traveling to Ba Be Lake, tourists should take the opportunity to visit Silver Waterfall in Vang Village!


Pac Ngoi Tourist Village



Pac Ngoi village is an ideal stopping place for tourists traveling to Ba Be Lake. This place is one of the places that still preserves the typical customs and cultural lifestyle of the Tay ethnic people in Bac Kan. Visitors taking the Ba Be Lake Tour to Pac Ngoi village will experience the rustic, friendly life as well as the unique characteristics of the people here. Pac Ngoi is a village in Nam Mau commune, Ba Be district - Bac Kan, about 50km from Bac Kan town. It can be said that this place is located in a prime location with flat terrain, in front is a green field with a peaceful mountain flavor. Behind the village is a rocky mountain range like a giant wall that embraces and protects the village. That's why Pac Ngoi is an ideal stopping place for tourists on the Ba Be Lake tour when enjoying the lake. Although it has been active in tourism for more than 10 years, the village is one of the localities that retains most of the unique customs and traditions of the Tay ethnic people. From the way the house is built on stilts to the way of life and clothing, everything has its own unique identity. And perhaps this is also the reason why tourists visit Pac Ngoi to explore, experience, and immerse themselves in the simple life of indigenous people. Besides, the landscape of Pac Ngoi village also has a strong attraction to Bac Kan tourists. The charming country is created from the combination of mountains, forests, rice fields, and clear blue lakes. During your vacation days here, you can have fun and follow the lifestyle of local people. Surely the interesting experiences here will help you accumulate more knowledge about the culture of each region you have visited. Coming to Pac Ngoi when touring Ba Be Lake from Hanoi, visitors will experience an extremely interesting and impressive stilt house homestay. The stilt houses here are very ancient, with unique architectural shapes and red tiled roofs in the yin and yang style. Combined with the charming scenery, it is a great place for tourists to stay one night. Homestay at Pac Ngoi has appeared since the early years of the village promoting tourism. Up to now, people have deployed many other services to better serve tourists, such as rowing boats to see the lake, serving rustic dishes or becoming tour guides to take groups to visit localities. Famous tourist destination in the region... Choosing to stay at a homestay in Pac Ngoi village, you will have the opportunity to experience a full day with different activities. Many tourists try wearing national costumes, do all the daily work like locals and participate in fishing on the lake and then grilling and eating on the spot. Although not as luxurious as resorts, the homestay is still fully equipped and has a comfortable space that blends with the nature of the mountains and forests. Every morning, visitors traveling to Ba Be Lake can sit and sip a cup of coffee and watch the sunrise rise behind the mountain top. In particular, the people of Pac Ngoi are very friendly, always giving the warmest hospitality to all guests from far away. If you need to ask for directions or other problems, they always advise and answer very enthusiastically. What attracts tourists the most is probably the Bac Kan specialties. You don't need to go to a luxury restaurant or a professional chef to still enjoy many delicious and authentic dishes with the flavors of the mountains. At the homestays, they all serve food and drink for tourists, so you can rest assured that the price is very reasonable and will not be cut off as many people worry about. Coming here, you must definitely enjoy typical dishes such as grilled Ba Be Lake fish, steamed hill chicken with lemon leaves, armpit pork, sour shrimp... These dishes served with upland sticky rice will definitely be a perfect combination. perfect fit. In particular, the Tay Pac Ngoi ethnic people also have traditional leaf yeast wine. You can sip a few cups of wine to feel the intoxicating spirit of the Northwest mountains and forests when following the Ba Be Lake Bac Kan tour. Not only that, there are a few specialties you can bring back to the lowlands as gifts for your family after the trip. Including kitchen buffalo meat, Northwest sausage, sour shrimp and plum jam. Particularly sour shrimp and plum jam are packed into boxes and sausages and meat are packed into vacuum bags so they are easy to carry away. Pac Ngoi village is one of the ideal places that tourists must definitely visit. Nature favors this place with a cool climate, charming scenery, and fresh air to help visitors have the most wonderful relaxing time. In particular, Pac Ngoi has many things for you to explore and enjoy. Among them are rustic dishes with simple but extremely attractive preparation forms. And especially, traveling to Ba Be Lake in Bac Kan, you will receive a warm welcome from the local people, filled with more love for this land.


Widow Island



The beautiful little island of Ba Goa emerges in the middle of Lake 1 (Pé Leng) of Ba Be Lake. Legend has it that the main island is home to a mother and her daughter, a kind-hearted widow who in the past used two dugout canoes to help the villagers during the great flood at Ba Be Lake. Looking from a distance, the island looks like a "rockery" in the heart of the blue-green Ba Be. Ba Goa Island is called Po Gia Mai by local people, formed by large and small rocks stacked on top of each other. All year round, the trees are green and the roots weave, hugging the rocky slopes, causing the trees and rocks to roll. Even in the midst of immense water waves or thunderstorms, it still stands tall and quiet, bringing to life more natural beauty. The most beautiful view of the island comes in the afternoon, the island is peaceful in the middle of blue water. Occasionally, you will see the image of a Tay girl standing on a dugout boat, rowing across the island. The setting sun gradually dyed the space purple, but it could not dye the Tay girl's pure black outfit and white skin, but only made the scene here add a layer of sadness and a bit more beauty. . Legend has it that the widow and her mother lived very poor in a small house at the end of the village. One time, mother and daughter saw a scabby, tattered, smelly old woman begging for food and helped them as much as possible while the old woman was chased away by the whole village. The old beggar was welcomed kindly and advised the widow and her mother to take rice husks and sprinkle them around the house. At night, with heavy rain and strong winds, a vast area of ​​land collapsed into a large lake now called Ba Be Lake. Only the widow's house sprinkled with rice husks remained intact, now it is Ba Goa Island. The widow and her mother used a pair of dugout canoes to save people during this great flood. Therefore, the island is not simply a beautiful scene. It is a precious human heart in life.


Ao Tien



Located at the corner of Ba Be Lake, Ao Tien is a small lake about 3 hectares wide, located in the middle of a valley of immense primeval forests, with underground circuits connecting Ao Tien & Ba Be Lake. Although located about 100m from Ba Be Lake, Ao Tien is always full of water all year round. Fairy Pond is circular, more than 1,000 square meters wide, with no source of water flowing in or out, so the water is clear. Besides, thanks to being surrounded by tropical forests, the climate here is extremely cool and fresh. Once walking by Fairy Pond or floating on the cool blue water here, visitors will surely think they have escaped the world and visited a fairyland, ecstatic in some other world. Visiting Ao Tien, visitors will not only be overwhelmed by the fresh and gentle beauty here but also see strange footprints on the rocks, associated with the legend of Ao Tien about a hunter and seven fairies. descending to earth. Looking towards the setting sun, visitors can also see a raised rock slope, which is said to be where the fairies often sit and play chess. In addition, Ao Tien is also home to many species of aquatic plants and animals, very suitable for tourists who love to explore wild nature. Coming to Ao Tien, visitors can encounter rare fish species such as fried fish, glass carp, lentil fish,... which are said to have followed the underground water flow from Ba Be Lake to live here. Along the road from Ba Be Lake to Ao Tien, there are ancient trees living on limestone mountains such as apricot trees, holly trees, bud trees... Ba Be National Park is truly a wonder and natural heritage. worth our time to admire and explore. There are countless other interesting and attractive things here waiting for you to visit. Come join us on your travel journey to have the best experiences for your vacation!


Ban soy sauce craft village

When mentioning famous tourist destinations in Hung Yen, we must not forget the Ban soy sauce making village in Ban Yen Nhan town, My Hao district, Hung Yen. This is also the place to make the best soy sauce in the country and is also exported to the world.

In the North, soy sauce seems to be an indispensable dipping sauce in family meals. The flavor of the dish also makes people miss their hometown. The ingredients to make soy sauce are not difficult to find, but the processing process is very elaborate and time-consuming. To be able to produce fragrant, golden bowls of soy sauce requires great technique and experience from the workers. Coming to this craft village, visitors will witness the process of making bamboo soup, chat with experienced workers and feel the beauty of labor in the Northern countryside.


Long Thuong bronze casting craft village

Long Thuong bronze casting village, Dai Dong commune currently has more than 200 households with more than 800 people. Currently, the village attracts over 70 foundries, creating regular jobs for about 700 workers with an average income of 10 million VND/person/month.

Among them, more than 400 workers are local people. Today, Long Thuong bronze casting village has expanded production and divided industries, establishing separate production facilities for each type of item such as tray making workshop, pot making workshop, worship casting workshop. .. Thanks to complete organization, the village quickly developed. The products made are mainly worship items such as: tops, cranes, candlesticks, lamps, trays, incense bowls... which are consumed nationwide. A bronze product made is the crystallization of the heart. the blood and talent of the artisan. Not only does it require technique, bronze casting also requires meticulousness, sophistication, patience and passion for the craft to produce a perfect product. The young artisan class in the craft village is promoting the essence of the previous generation and applying new methods in production to create products that not only retain the traditional appearance, but are also more edgy. From the table With the skillful hands of talented craftsmen in the village, these products have contributed to creating a unique cultural beauty of the village.


semicircle lake

If anyone has ever set foot in Hung Yen, they cannot help but visit Crescent Lake. Hung Yen Crescent Lake has long been a tourist attraction. Anyone who comes here will have a deep impression of the charming scenery, open space, and festivals held every year. Crescent Lake is located in the heart of Hung Yen commune, a charm in the frame. bustling street scene, dotting the streets here.

The shape of the lake is curved like a crescent moon, so it was named Crescent Lake. The lake is a section left behind by the Red River when it changes course. Crescent Lake has a charming poetic landscape, clear blue water, lush green trees on all four sides, cool, with one side being Nguyet Ho street and the other side being a dike. Dai Ha. The gentle space between the city and the lake is a source of excitement for visitors. In the noisy, bustling urban landscape, Crescent Lake is like a poetic feature dotted with airy space and charming scenery. On one side is a busy street, on the other side is a long Red River dike with a bank covered with green grass. The landscape of the lake is covered with clouds, the lake surface is calm, the lake water is clear and blue like a large shimmering mirror reflecting the trees along the lake. That's why the villager of Phu Thi, Dr. Chu Manh Trinh, had to exclaim the compliment: The autumn lake clears the glass of light, (The surface of the autumn lake is as bright as a mirror). The beautiful scenery of Crescent Lake is also compared: "Discussing the land, let's put aside the ancient things, wondering where Chau Doanh and Vi Khon are better than this small country" (Phu Ho Crescent - Le Cu). (Chau Doanh and Vi Khon are places where Chau Cau and Vi Hoang in Ha Nam and Nam Dinh provinces could not be more beautiful). Crescent Lake is a vestige of the Red River when it changed course and this is where it took place. many cultural and historical events. Visiting Hung Yen Crescent Lake, you will have the most interesting experiences and it will be wonderful to be able to go there and see firsthand this rare natural beauty.


Da Nguu Communal House - Hundred-pillar communal house

Located in the middle of Da Nguu village in Tan Tien commune, Van Giang district, Da Nguu communal house, also known as "hundred-column communal house", is an ancient communal house of Hung Yen province that still retains its layout as well as architectural landscape quite intact. precious relics.

According to the legend of the elders, Da Nguu village "has the shape of a lying buffalo and has 72 earth gods". In the middle of the village, there is a beautiful, airy terrain that is said to be the land of the "Doll of the Strange Table", so the villagers built a hundred-pillar communal house. The communal house is nearly 7 centuries old, with the architectural style of the Ly - Tran dynasties. Overall, Da Nguu communal house has the shape of the letter "Si" and includes two main buildings: the front altar and the back palace. The word "Si" is interpreted to mean "student and intellectual". Ancient people often called it "hundred-column communal house", because the communal house has 100 wooden pillars. Before building the communal house, workers near and far shook their heads because they could not build such a large communal house. The design of the communal house is required to consist of two sturdy, well-balanced buildings with a sufficient number of 101 columns, and the beams and columns must all be mortised, no nails allowed. Later, a worker came to build a communal house but only asked to build 100 pillars and split 1 tree to make chiseled cardboard. The communal house is a place to worship Saint Chu Dong Tu, one of the "Four Immortals" of gods in cultural beliefs. Vietnam, along with her two wives, Princess Tien Dung, was given the title Thuong Ton Than, Dang Thien Ton Than, and Princess Tay Sa was given the title Noi Trach Tay Palace Magical Princess. According to documents left behind, the communal house was built in the 2nd year of Vinh Thinh (1706) in the Northeast direction. During the Nguyen Dynasty, in the fourth year of Duy Tan's reign (1910), the communal house was restored according to the pre-Nguyen and post-Dinh architecture, including 3 buildings: Pre-Teacher, Trung Tu, and Hau Palace. In the courts, the husbands, horses, and pillars are all intricately carved. Da Nguu Communal House is a massive communal house that is still quite complete in terms of architecture and fine art sculpture. The highlight of the main communal house is the hundreds of exquisitely carved ironwood pillars that have been preserved intact to this day. More meaningful is the talent and intelligence of the ancient Vietnamese workers who built a 100-pillar communal house using 101 trees. Besides, the communal house is also adorned with the red color of Bat Trang bricks in the yard, followed by two tall pillars overlooking the clear blue jade well. Walk to the side gate on the right side with the word "van vi phu" (which means taking the abundance of literature as the pride of the village's intellectual wealth. The gate on the left has the inscription "people are happy omen".Dinh Da Nguu was ranked as a national monument by the Ministry of Culture and Information in 1995. Every year, traditional village festivals take place on the 9th, 10th, and 11th days of the second lunar month, when the elders in the village hold a bathing ceremony for the villagers. throne in the temple. Coming here in the summer, visitors will feel relaxed by the fragrant lotus scent along with the quiet space between the sacred place and the majesty of the communal house.


Phoenix Temple

Phoenix Temple, also known as Cuc Hoa Temple, is located in Minh Tien commune, Phu Cu district, Hung Yen province. The temple is a place to worship Mrs. Cuc Hoa, the wife of the Royal Poinsettia Tong Tran.

The story recounts: Mrs. Cuc Hoa was originally a talented and beautiful girl, the daughter of a wealthy businessman. When she met Tong Tran and her elderly mother, because their family was in trouble and had to beg for food, Cuc Hoa saw that Tong Tran was a smart person and had the ability to answer questions, and fell in love with her. Overcoming the strict prejudices of contemporary feudal society. She gave up glory and wealth and accepted a life of hardship and rusticity. As a virtuous and virtuous woman, she was responsible for the housework, raising her husband's education, and studying history. When the royal court opened the exam to select talented people, Tong Tran took the exam, passed the exam, and was praised by the king as "unparalleled national scholar, second-rate general". After passing the exam, Tong Tran went on a mission for ten years, and Cuc Hoa stayed at home with filial piety and decency waiting for her husband. She was forced to marry someone else, but remained faithful. When Tong Tran returned, knowing what had happened, she pretended to be a beggar to investigate, knowing that Cuc Hoa was still waiting for her faithful husband to welcome her back to reunite. The king knew that Cuc Hoa was a person of three obediences and four virtues, truly "lady Nghieu Thuan" and appointed Cuc Hoa "lady of the district". After she passed away, the villagers built a temple to commemorate the talented and virtuous woman. According to legend, the land where the temple is built today is the burial mound of Mrs. Cuc Hoa. But due to the time the ancient temple was destroyed, it was recently rebuilt, the architecture was redone in the style of the Nguyen Dynasty with decorative themes such as four sacred animals, four precious animals... The middle space of the Trung Tu building is where Place a statue to worship Mrs. Cuc Hoa. The statue was crafted with a kind and purely Vietnamese face. The next two sides are places to worship the Thanh Hoang and Monsignor. The harem is made in the style of an eight-roofed matchbox, this is the place to worship Buddha, giving the temple the style of worshiping "first gods, then Buddha". The temple as well as her virtue will forever be the pride of the people of Hung Yen. Previously, on festival days, from the 10th to 15th day of the 4th lunar month, in addition to the rituals, a procession of Mrs. Cuc Hoa was always held to Tong Tran temple and a procession of Tong Tran's hat and shoes to Cuc Hoa temple. The temple was ranked by the state as a national architectural and artistic relic in 1991. It can be said that she is a woman with all the good qualities of Vietnamese women. Overcoming the strict prejudices of contemporary feudal society, the love affair between Tong Tran and Cuc Hoa carries a profound human value.


Cluster of relics of Da Hoa temple - Da Trach temple - Ham Tu gate - Bai Say

Located in Khoai Chau district (Hung Yen province), more than 20km east of Hanoi and far from the city center. Hung Yen is about 35km to the northwest, with very special humanistic and historical values ​​still preserved today, the relic cluster of Da Hoa temple - Da Trach temple - Ham Tu gate - Bai Say is an autumn destination. attracts a large number of locals and tourists from near and far.

To get to the relic cluster, visitors can follow two routes: By waterway, from Chuong Duong Do wharf (42 Chuong Duong Do, Hanoi), take a boat down the Red River east for about more than 2 hours to arrive. Binh Minh wharf (Binh Minh commune, Khoai Chau district), or by road, from Hanoi, follow the road along the Red River dyke for more than 20km to reach Binh Minh commune. From here, visitors will come to the first point in the relic cluster, Da Hoa temple located in Da Hoa village, Binh Minh commune. The temple was built on a high, flat, rectangular area of ​​land with an area of ​​18,720m². The temple's face faces west, looking straight at Tu Nhien beach (Ngu Doi village, Tu Dan commune) - where Princess Tien Dung, daughter of the 18th Hung King, met Chu Dong Tu and the two became husband and wife. The temple is divided into three zones. The outer area has an area of ​​7,200m², has no walls, the only architecture is a 2-storey stele house, 8 curved roofs, with doors opening in 4 directions. In the stele house, there is a stone stele with content about the time of restoration of Da Hoa temple and the fateful meeting of Chu Dong Tu - Tien Dung. From here, follow the 6m wide paved road with rows of ancient rice trees radiating cool shade on both sides of the road, and you will reach the main gate. Through the main gate you enter the middle area. This area has an area of ​​3,400m², surrounded by low walls, planted with many green trees and divided into two areas: the right area has a bell tower, inside there is a 1.5m high bronze bell; The left area has a porch, inside there is a stone porch with a width of 1.2m; Separating these two areas is a tiled road leading from the main gate to Ngo Mon with three entrances and exits, above which hangs a large letter with four words painted in red and gilded with "Bong Lai Cung Khuc". Stepping through the Ngo Mon gate is to enter the inner area. With an area of ​​11,520m², the architecture is in the royal style of the Nguyen Dynasty but has a harmonious combination of Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism. The inner area includes: a courtyard, a worship house, an adoration yard, an incense burner, and a palace. second palace, third palace and harem. Connecting the palaces are the hermitage, the tarpaulin, the horse house, the artillery house... In the harem there are 3 shrines: Saint Chu Dong Tu (in the middle), Princess Tien Dung Queen (left), concubine Hong Van – Tay Sa (right). The overall architectural works in this area include 18 houses with curved tile roofs shaped like 18 stylized dragon boats. This is a special architecture to recreate the scene of Princess Tien Dung's boat sailing on the river wharf in the past. In addition to its unique architecture, Da Hoa Temple also preserves many rare relics, typically: 3 wooden altar thrones dating from the late 17th and 18th centuries. These are considered the oldest thrones still found. seen in our country today; pair of ceramic Bach Tho jars (one hundred Tho words, none of which are the same, are engraved on the walls of the jar)... Leaving Da Hoa temple, visitors will go to Da Trach temple (Yen Vinh village, Da Trach commune), which is associated with Da Trach temple. Legend of Da Trach lagoon. Legend has it that at the location of Chu Dong Tu and his two wives, princesses Tien Dung and Hong Van, "transformed" into the sky on the night of the 17th day of the 11th lunar month, they collapsed into a large lagoon, Da Trach lagoon (the lagoon was formed). after just one night). Thinking that it was a divine response, local people built a temple to worship the three gods in the Da Trach lagoon area and named it Da Trach temple, also known as Hoa temple. Da Trach Temple has been restored many times, however, the current architecture is the result of the restoration in 1890 with the character Cong (工), facing east, overlooking a semi-circular lake, the roof is carved with many dragon shapes, The phoenix is ​​very beautiful, consisting of three rooms. Among them, the harem is the most beautifully designed space with a three-step rolling dome, giving visitors the feeling of standing in a boat cabin. From the outside, on the right, first is the altar for worshiping the temple, the statue of military mandarins, then the altar for worshiping the parents of Saint Chu Dong Tu; On the left is the altar of Be Nguoi Quan Quan (a statue of a carp made of wood painted with lacquer and gilded with shiny gold), next is the altar of Trieu Viet Vuong (548 - 571). In the middle of the harem are 3 altars: Thanh Chu Dong Tu (in the middle), Princess Tien Dung Queen (left), concubine Hong Van (right). There are also statues of two horses, one red, one white. Legend has it that those were the two horses that Saint Chu Dong Tu and his two wives rode to heal the people. In addition to the main architecture, in the temple area there is also a bell tower, inside is placed a Da Trach bell (Da Trach temple bell) cast in the 14th year of Thanh Thai (1902), 1.5m long, 0.8m wide; two rows of nine-room houses. Previously, this was the place for nine palanquins; two stone stele standing opposite each other (one stele is broken), built in the 17th year of Gia Long (1819), 1.6m high, 0.8m wide, 0.17m thick; a semicircular lake; Many horizontal panels and parallel sentences record the legend of Chu Dong Tu - Tien Dung - Tay Sa; especially the image of a hat and a stick - two objects that Saint Chu Dong Tu used to save humanity. Da Trach Temple was recognized by the State as a national historical architectural and artistic relic in 1989. To remember the gratitude of Saint Chu Dong Tu and Princess Tien Dung, every year, local people organize Chu Dong Tu festival. This is one of the 16 largest festivals in the country with attractive cultural and sports activities. The most unique is the water procession with the participation of 10 boats following each other to the Red River to take water for Holy Mass at Da Hoa and Da Trach temples. This activity is organized according to ancient customs, taking place for two hours. While the boats move, there is also a dragon dance performance on the boat. From Da Trach temple, go more than 2km south to reach Ham Tu gate (Ham Tu commune). This is a famous historical place, marking the glorious victory of the Dai Viet army and people under the Tran Dynasty in 1285 in the war against the Mongol army. The final destination on this journey is Bai Say (Tan Dan commune) - a famous historical place associated with the Bai Say uprising led by Nguyen Thien Thuat from 1885 to 1892 - one of the uprisings of Can Vuong movement at the end of the 19th century against French colonial rule.


Thai Lac Pagoda

Legend has it that the pagoda was built on a high mound of land that people often call on the back of a turtle, with water flowing into the river on both sides like two baby dragons flanking the mother dragon as if flanking a tiger. The pagoda was built in the Tran dynasty, built in the Southeast direction, which symbolizes fertility and development.

Having undergone many restorations, Thai Lac Pagoda has an architectural structure in the style of "Noi Cong for Foreign Affairs" including a 9-compartment front hall and wooden structures created in the style of stacking gongs and gongs. 2-room incense burner, simple truss architecture. The upper palace has 3 compartments, the structure of the gong stand style is still quite intact, bearing the architectural imprint of the Tran Dynasty, 2 corridors, 7 compartments on each side, the back hall has 7 compartments, the altars are made in decorative style. Flip leaf pattern. Thai Lac Pagoda also preserves precious relics, which are 20 Tran Dynasty-style wooden reliefs representing many diverse themes. In the middle of the upper palace, there are carved panels located on the wooden railings and on the railings, a harmonious combination of architecture and decoration. On the planks are carved many scenes on the theme of fairies using traditional musical instruments: two fairies riding phoenixes, one playing the flute, one playing the flute, a fairy playing the lute, etc. On the planks are carved scenes. A fairy with a human head and a bird body raises her hand to offer flowers. On the body of the pillar are carved images of elephants raising their hands to support the lotus pedestal. These are very valuable works of visual art, a treasure trove of precious documents about an ancient musical art. At the same time, the carved scenes in these reliefs also clearly reflect the pride of Dong A (the pride of the Tran Dynasty) with three victories over Mongol invaders in the 13th century. Through the carvings, one can see the sophistication, ingenuity, and talent of the ancient craftsmen. In addition, the pagoda also preserves 3 stone stele, grand pagoda, ancient bricks, and worship statues. These are rare relics that need to be preserved and studied for a long time. Every year, the traditional festival of Thai Lac pagoda takes place from the 6th - 8th day of the third lunar month. This is a major festival in the region associated with the belief of praying for rain of the ancient Thai Lac people with the wish to pray for favorable weather and good harvests. The festival takes place mainly at pagodas worshiping the Four Dharmas throughout the commune, the center being Thai Lac pagoda. The ceremony includes a procession of the Four Dharma gods patrolling around the village. The festival takes place with many traditional folk games: moonlighting, tug of war, pot banging, re-enacting ancient cheo legends,... attracting a large number of people and visitors from all over to participate. With spiritual values ​​and sculptural values, Thai Lac Pagoda is also a place for tourists to find peace and tranquility. The sacred Buddha's door helps people feel at peace and pray for good things in life.


Phu Thi Pagoda

Phu Thi Pagoda is located on a large campus, outside and close to the foot of the Red River dyke, in Me So commune, Van Giang district, Hung Yen province. The pagoda was built in the style of the character "Dinh" (丁), the door faces southwest and has the Chinese name Hung Phuc Tu.

The pagoda was built during the Later Le period and followed the Northern sect. The pagoda has been restored many times, most recently in 1991. When entering the pagoda, visitors will first go through the three gates - the gate outside the pagoda. From the outside, the three-entrance gate looks like three separate structures with three doors. The middle door is tall, built on two floors, and has a square floor plan. The upper and lower floors are equal. On the roof of the second floor is a tiled roof with four blades radiating out in four directions. On the left and right sides are two small symmetrical doors. Right behind these two small doors are steps leading to the second floor of the middle door. Passing through the three gates is the front road. Looking from the outside, the front road is built in a matchmaking style with two bell towers and drums on the roof top. The temple bell was cast during the reign of King Minh Mang. Inside, visitors will see the front hall consisting of five rooms with large and airy space. Four rows of lim columns are regularly distributed in the middle of the front hall. On the central crossbar of the front hall is a hammock embossed with the image of two dragons flanking a moon and painted with red and gold. Adjacent to the inner wall are 6 statues: the statue of Khuyen Thien, the statue of Trung Evil, the statue of two holy monks, and the statue of two attendants. These statues add to the majesty of the front hall. Besides, the pagoda has many ancient statues made of wood or painted terracotta, such as Chuan De statue, Ksitigarbha statue (1.08m high); set of statues of Thap Dien Minh Vuong (0.90m high), statue of Anathapindika (1.07m high). Next to the front hall are 4 back rooms. The harem is the shrine to the Mother Goddess and is solemnly decorated. Above is a sign with the four words "Phuc Duc At Mau". This is a quite special architecture because the wooden truss is machined in the shape of a crab's claws, on the dome-shaped wooden ceiling, making the apse seem deeper and making it more attractive. The pagoda scene becomes even more quiet and majestic. In harmony with the curved ceiling, the altar below is arranged in a very symmetrical manner, holding worship objects and Buddha statues. In addition, in the pagoda, the people also reserved a sanctuary to worship Chu Manh Trinh (1862 - 1905) - the doctor who designed and built this pagoda when he was the Procurator of Hung Yen province. With unique values ​​in ancient architecture, Phu Thi Pagoda was recognized as a historical and cultural relic on April 4, 1984 according to Decision No. 14 of the Ministry of Culture and Information. Hopefully, in the near future, Phu Thi Pagoda will be an attractive spiritual destination, attracting many tourists to visit and worship.


Huong Lang Pagoda

Huong Lang Pagoda, also known as Lang Pagoda or Giac Vien Pagoda, is located in Huong Lang village, Minh Hai commune, Van Lam district, Hung Yen province. In addition to worshiping Buddha, Huong Lang Pagoda also worships Queen Mother Ỷ Lan - a woman who was good at public affairs and housework during the Ly Dynasty. This is a beautiful artistic architectural work with historical, cultural and scientific value.

Legend has it that the pagoda was built by Queen Mother Ỷ Lan during the Ly Dynasty, around 1115. The pagoda is large-scale, covering an area of ​​nearly one hectare, including many buildings, with an architectural layout of "foreign internal work". Including a three-entrance gate with three entrances and steps leading up to a flat platform. The pagoda is divided into three levels, from this level to the second level there are also three entrances, the third level is the main area. This is an area including monk's house, council house, and Buddha hall. During the resistance war against the French, the pagoda was destroyed and was restored in 1955. The pagoda faces the main direction to the Lang River. The front hall is arranged on high steps with carved stone steps. The building has a lotus-shaped truss-style architecture with four rows of columns. All columns are placed on stone platforms decorated with lotus petal patterns, in the style of the Ly Dynasty. The rafters are made of ironwood with carved patterns of floral themes. The blocks floating on the statue's surface have almost no rough edges, all are smooth, smooth and elaborate, with no sudden breaks in rhythm. It can be said that this is the most massive statue pedestal of the Ly Dynasty still preserved at the monument. In addition, the pagoda also has ten pairs of stone handrails, carved with phoenix, fox and chrysanthemum; 4 perpendicular stone columns support the stone beams of the building, many of the stone pillars are carved with lotus and chrysanthemum petals very meticulously and sophisticatedly. These are priceless works of the Ly Dynasty that are still preserved. The great hall facing the main pagoda overlooking the Lang River, near the village road, was restored in 2005, with a scale of 7 compartments, 20m long, 5m wide. If you want to enter the front hall, you have to go through the steps. Here, the steps are separated into 5 paths by 6 steps carved in the shape of a stone crocodile facing the front. The front hall has a lotus-shaped truss architecture with four rows of column bases, all columns are placed on stone platforms decorated with lotus petal patterns, in the Ly Dynasty style. The rafters are made of ironwood and carved with stylized floral motifs. The harem court is a space away from the front hall. The harem has a frill-style architecture with two floors and eight roofs. In the middle of the harem is the "mascot" of a lion wearing a lotus crown, forming a large stone pedestal. This lotus stone pedestal has a total length of 4.2m, 3.5m wide, 1.15m high, made of square stones carved in soft lotus shapes, the blocks floating on the statue's surface have almost no rough edges. , everything is smooth, quiet and elaborate, with no sudden breaks in rhythm. This is a unique characteristic of Ly Dynasty sculpture. The base floor is rectangular in shape and is assembled with many rectangular stone slabs, made of tri stone; The base is made up of four gradually retracting levels, each level is 0.13m high and 0.5m wide. The body of the stone pedestal is carved with a lion image, assembled from many stone slabs together. Both sides of the statue have been broken, only the end remains. It can be said that this is the most massive statue pedestal of the Ly Dynasty still preserved at the monument. The Buddha statue sitting on this stone pedestal was lost during the resistance war against the French, so in 2005, the Pagoda Relics Management Board and the people contributed money to create a thousand-eyed, thousand-handed statue of Guan Yin Buddha. onto the pedestal. In addition, in the three treasures room there is also a statue of the saint, Tran Trieu. Huong Lang Pagoda still preserves many very special and unique Ly Dynasty relics. Also here, people discovered a site named Lang Pagoda Site, including a lion statue also known as Mr. Sam. The statue is made of a large stone slab, 2m80 long, 1m50 wide, 0m90 high, used as a pedestal for a certain statue that no longer exists. The two ends of the stone slab are carved into the shape of the head and back of a lion. The lion's face has a strong, round nose, eyes bulging like two eggs, and a high forehead. The lion's butt is round and round, densely decorated with spiral patterns and string chrysanthemums; Four square stone pillars at four corners support the stone beams of the previous building and many stone pillars carved with lotus petals and chrysanthemums. The pagoda has ten pairs of stone handrails, carved with phoenix and fox, string chrysanthemums, four square stone pillars at four corners supporting the stone beams of the previous building and many stone pillars carved with lotus petals and chrysanthemums. In the pagoda there is a stone stele recording the restoration of the pagoda in the 16th century. Because of its cultural - historical, artistic, and architectural values, Huong Lang Pagoda was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) ranked it as a national architectural and artistic relic on March 13, 1974.


Hung Yen Temple of Literature

Hung Yen Temple of Literature was built in the 17th century, on the foundation of Xich Dang village pagoda, Nhan Duc commune, An Tao canton, former Kim Dong district, now Lam Son ward, city. Hung Yen. The Temple of Literature was restored and embellished the most in the year of Ky Hoi, the 20th year of Minh Menh (1839).

The Temple of Literature has a Tam-style architectural structure, including: Front altar, Middle temple and Hau palace. The roof system of the buildings is made of a continuous "Snail" style. The Temple of Literature has a facade facing south, the Nghi Mon gate is built massively and majestically, giving the appearance of the gate of the Temple of Literature in Hanoi. Inside the gate there is a large yard, in the middle of the yard is the ten-way street, on both sides of the yard there are a bell tower and a grand building with 2 rows of left and right vu. The inner temple area includes: Pre-Teacher, Central Tu and Hau Palace, the architecture is the same, made in the style of hidden trusses. The entire interior of the Temple of Literature shines with the system of grand pagodas, parallel sentences, hammock doors and column rafters all beautifully painted with gold plating. The most valuable artifacts of the Temple of Literature are 9 stone steles with names of academicians (from Hung Yen and Thai Binh provinces) of the Tran, Mac, Le, and Nguyen dynasties. The Temple of Literature is also a relic that demonstrates the studious tradition of Hung Yen people. The ancient Temple of Literature had two festival seasons, the main ones being February 10 and August 10 every year. On important festival days, Confucian scholars and provincial mandarins must go to the Temple of Literature to worship, demonstrate the Confucian style, respect their teachers, and pray for further progress in the cause of education. Nowadays, at the beginning of every spring, cultural activities take place at Xich Dang Temple of Literature, which are: incense offering ceremony, calligraphy exhibition, ca tru singing... To preserve the cultural values ​​of the nation , Hung Yen Temple of Literature is gradually being restored and planned as it was.


Van Ha Wine Village



Tourists come to Bac Giang, fall in love with the beautiful scenery of Bac Giang, feel the love of Bac Giang people and the quintessence of Kinh Bac cuisine, and until they say goodbye, they are still attached, still attached and don't want to leave. That affection was felt by Hoang Tuan Anh - Director of Hai Phong Center for Tourism and Promotion Center. We are pleased to introduce to you. Van Ha, a famous place in Viet Yen district, Bac Giang province, is famous for the specialty wine of Van village, a particularly delicious wine that has made countless people "drunk" for many generations. Even those who have enjoyed delicious delicacies from all over the world like Emperor Le Hy Tong did not mince words in bestowing the title of praise with the beautiful words "Van Huong, Fine Wine". The people of Van village in particular and the people of Bac Giang in general are proud of the craft of making wine in Van village because for hundreds of years, under feudal dynasties, this wine was once an offering to the king and was often used to enjoy food in ceremonies. royal banquet. "Van Huong's beautiful wine is famous in the North Sea. Victory is like the moon shining in the South sky." Van village's wine is famous and delicious, many people know. For wine connoisseurs and lovers of ethnic wines, Van village wine is a regional specialty drink that can be compared to any premium whiskey in the world because of its characteristic rich taste of sticky rice. the yellow flowers, the strong aroma of up to 35 esoteric herbal yeasts, the smoothness of the wine that is carefully filtered and brewed to remove all the shock of the smell of alcohol and aldehyde content. As for those who are not wine connoisseurs, just once enjoying Van village wine is enough to never forget it because the sweet feeling like sipping a cool fruit cocktail overwhelms the spicy taste, the more you drink, the more you drink. Soft lips, drinking from lightheadedness to gradually fading away and when waking up, there is no feeling like someone who has just been drunk. In today's world of all kinds of Western wine, returning to Kinh Bac and enjoying Van village's wine specialties with friends here makes me truly feel "drunk". Drunk not only by the soft, fragrant glasses of wine, not only by the never-empty ceramic vases containing precious wine, but also "drunk" by the love and meaning from the firm handshakes, "drunk" by the constant Brothers and sisters, Bac Giang is rich in hospitality and has been famous since ancient times through its passionate and inviting mandarin melodies. Only when you return to Bac Giang to enjoy wine from Van village do you fully understand the meaning of the word "My wine", only do you understand the full meaning of enjoying wine because wine not only needs to be fragrant and delicious but also how to behave in the drinking culture. Wine also needs to be beautiful, that's why a few hundred years ago, kings and lords chose Van village wine as something to enjoy in noble and noble palaces. That's why not only the ancient predecessors praised the word "Fine Wine" but also today's artists created passionate lyrics: Cau River is full, Cau River is empty, Van wine is a cup of wine. life is still drunk. Don't drink Van village's wine to get drunk, remember the mandarin's dream of distant days.


Mount Den



20 km northwest of Bac Giang city, Danh Mountain is located in Lien Chung and Viet Lap communes, Tan Yen district. The mountain is large, curves gracefully, the highest peak is about 117 m above sea level. Mount Danh is a place with beautiful natural landscapes, surrounded by a system of sacred and magical relics and landscapes. Located on the top of Danh mountain is Danh temple. From the temple's location, you can see a panoramic view of the surrounding area and surrounding areas of the district. This is a cultural and religious work of local people. The Temple complex consists of 3 temples: Trinh temple, Thuong temple and Ha temple. Den Temple was built to worship the gods Cao Son and Quy Minh. When alive, Cao Son and Quy Minh were talented generals, sacred deities, holy and evil, helping people eliminate disasters, and were worshiped by people for many generations. No one knows exactly when the Temple was built, but based on documents and relics such as stone pillars, ancient incense bowls, sacrificial offerings, and altars still kept in the temple... the temple is Built during the Le Dynasty in the 18th century. Through many ups and downs of history, especially during the resistance war against the French, the temple was much destroyed and no longer intact as before. However, the people here have restored and renovated many times, the temple has become more spacious and beautiful but still retains many ancient and unique features. With winding mountain terrain, some steep, some gentle, coming to Mount Den, visitors will experience an eco-spiritual travel journey. Surrounding the mountain are vast green pine and eucalyptus forests, many of which have been planted for many years. The air is airy and cool, creating a feeling of relaxation. The road to Mount Den is built with tiled steps with 345 steps. Right at the foot of the mountain is a small well, named Elephant Cape well. The well is about 2m deep and has been built with brick and cement banks around it. People say that the well never runs out of water. Coming to Mount Den, visitors can not only admire the vast and majestic landscape, but also enjoy many precious products such as Sam Nam which has been in the consciousness for many generations: "Sam Nam is famous, Mount Danh is full of markets. The famous Chung Son Sam Nam extract from Dan Mountain cures blindness and restores the eyes as before." Den Temple is the center of cultural activities, where traditional festivals of local people have been held from past to present. The festival is held on the 19th, 20th, 21st of the first lunar month every year, attracting a large number of tourists to attend the festival, sightsee, and make pilgrimages to the temple./.


Tho Ha craft village



Tho Ha village is characterized by a river on three sides like an island. To get out of the village, you must take a boat or ferry. Visiting Tho Ha village, you will admire all the village roads, alleys, walls, ponds, roofs, wherever there is sunshine there are banh da. Walking around the ancient village tinged with the color of Tho Ha time, you will admire the peaceful and poetic village scene. When you reach the end of Tho Ha village, you will see a familiar image next to the charcoal stove, hands quickly baking cakes. The grilled rice cakes are as big as a spoon, hot, golden, crispy, and delicious. Traveling to Tho Ha craft village, you can also learn about how to make spring rolls, from choosing rice, soaking rice, grinding flour to coating, drying and cutting the cake, all of which require meticulousness. Just a little haste can ruin an entire batch of rice paper rolls with so much effort. Starting from Hanoi, to go to Tho Ha craft village you can choose convenient means of transport such as passenger car, motorbike or bus. Motorbike: From Hanoi, follow Highway 1 to the North about 31km to Bac Ninh city, then turn left and continue 3km to Dang street, go back along Cau River dyke for 1km to reach Van Ha wharf, after going Crossing the boat will reach Tho Ha craft village. Bus: To take the bus from Hanoi to Tho Ha village, you can take bus route number 54 (Long Bien - Bac Ninh city), get off at the last bus stop for about 1 hour and 20 minutes and take a taxi or motorbike taxi to get there. Van Ha ferry to Tho Ha village. Before Tho Ha was famous for its rice cake making, it was known for its pottery village. Currently, traveling to Tho Ha craft village in Bac Giang, you will admire hundreds of years old ancient houses made from pieces of pottery and china with unique architecture. The charming landscape of the country with banyan trees, wharves, ancient communal houses and ancient houses creates a beautiful picture that attracts tourists to visit. Traveling to Tho Ha craft village, you will see images of long rows of rice cakes lined up under the beautiful sunlight. Rice paper is grilled on a charcoal stove, crispy and golden, just looking at it makes you want to eat it. Enjoy Tho Ha coconut rice cake and sip with a cup of cool green tea to feel all the delicious flavors of this Bac Giang specialty. Traveling to Tho Ha craft village can be combined with other famous attractions such as: Tho Ha communal house: This is a very famous communal house in the Kinh Bac region and is ranked as a national relic. Tho Ha communal house is the second oldest communal house in Bac Giang, built in 1576. Bo Da Pagoda: This pagoda is located on Bo Da Son mountain, north of Cau river, Tien Son commune, Viet Yen district, Bac Giang province. Ba Chua Kho Temple: Located halfway up Kho mountain, Ba Chua Kho Temple is in Co Me area, Vu Ninh ward, Bac Ninh, very close to the road to Tho Ha village. In particular, in the early spring days of the new year, Ba Chua Kho Temple is a destination that attracts tourists from all over to pray for fortune and fortune.


Cam Son Lake



Cam Son Lake tourist area is located in four communes of Son Hai, Ho Dap, Tan Son and Cam Son, Luc Ngan district, Bac Giang province. This is a place with charming landscapes; At the same time, it contains the unique cultural identity of the local community. From Bac Giang city, follow National Highway 1A about 60km northeast to National Highway 279; Turn right onto the national highway about 5km with vast fields of corn on both sides and stilt houses of the Dao and San Chi people looming among the green mountains and forests to Cam Son Lake. Located at an altitude of about 300m above sea level, Cam Son lake is the fourth largest major irrigation project in the country (after Dau Tieng lake in Tay Ninh, Phu Ninh lake in Quang Nam and Ke Go lake in Ha Tinh). , is responsible for regulating and providing irrigation water for agricultural production in Luc Ngan district (Bac Giang) and Huu Lung district (Lang Son province); Regulating water sources in the Thuong River upstream area; flood diversion and flood control for downstream areas in districts: Lang Giang, Yen Dung and Bac Giang city (Bac Giang province). Cam Son Lake has a capacity of 248 million m³ of water, with an average water surface area of ​​about 2,650 hectares. In the dry season, when the water dries up, the lake bed shows thick alluvial plains that local people use to grow corn and other crops. In the rainy season, the lake surface is spread out with hundreds of large and small islands scattered. Surrounding the lake are high mountains that are green all year round, undulating and overlapping. The beauty of sky, clouds, mountains, and water blend into one, making the landscape here extremely poetic and charming, like a miniature Ha Long Bay. With its charming mountain and water beauty, Cam Son was the inspiration for musician Pho Duc Phuong to compose the famous song "Lake on the Mountain". Studies also show that Cam Son Lake is a suitable habitat for many high-value aquatic species such as shrimp, crabs, lentils, fried fish, sea bass..., especially sturgeon - a living fish. in cold waters. Currently, sturgeon raised in Cam Son weigh from 3 to 4 kg/fish, consumed in the domestic market and exported abroad. Besides rich natural resources, Cam Son also contains unique cultural treasures of the Tay, Nung, Dao, and San Chay ethnic communities. Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to admire the stilt houses covered in blue smoke hidden behind the hillsides and forests; Listen to the loving melody of Sli, Shoong Hao; Watch the unique festivals of going to the fields, praying for harvest, celebrating the new year, celebrating a new home...; Especially immersing yourself in the extremely romantic space on the wharf under the boat - a typical cultural feature of Cam Son. Every early morning or late afternoon, hundreds of boats carrying goods travel busily on the lake. Markets selling all sorts of items such as blue sweet soup, seven-color sticky rice, armpit pork, hill chicken, fruits... meet right on the lake, creating a colorful scene in the mountainous region. Currently, Bac Giang province is calling for golf course investment projects; Developing various types of mountain climbing, fishing and resort tourism in the Cam Son lake area; build a tour connecting Cam Son lake with Khuon Than lake, Ba Hon mountain, Cam stream, Moc stream, Vay Rong stream, Kin mountain, Man village, Lan Loc island (Bac Giang); Bat cave, Gio cave (Chi Lang district, Lang Son province)... Hopefully in the future, Cam Son lake tourist area will become one of the red addresses for resort and eco-tourism in the North of our country.


Nom Village

Nom village is located in Dai Dong commune, Van Lam district, Hung Yen province, about 20km from Hanoi capital. Years have passed, Nom village is still a land cherished and preserved by the people of Hung Yen. In the face of bustling, hustle and bustle life, it is difficult to find a place where people feel so peaceful. The architectural, cultural and human beauty remains intact after more than 200 years of upheaval.

Because of that "sustainable" beauty, tourism in Nom Hung Yen village is also of interest to many people. Moving away from the city to a small village, you will find it both familiar and strange. Familiar like being at home, strange because of a new land. In Nom village, the simple traditional beauty such as banyan trees, wells, and communal house roofs are still preserved. Through the mossy village gate, the scene inside the village is typical of ancient Vietnamese villages. The small houses are all tinged with time, the daily activities of the people take place calmly and peacefully. Feeling extremely comfortable and relaxed. Traveling to Hung Yen will not be complete if you have not visited Nom village. In addition to enjoying Hung Yen specialties, going to Nom village is also an opportunity for visitors to learn about the culture of the people here. Through interesting architecture and destinations. Stepping through the village gate, Nom market is the place where you can experience the most perfect Vietnamese countryside market. Nom market was formerly the busiest market in Van Lam area. The market is simple, not reinforced concrete like the city center markets. The rows of houses in the market are covered with bricks and moss tiles. The items are not many but very fresh. Inside the market, amidst the chatter and laughter of the people, you feel strangely in love with life. An attractive place in Nom village is Nom pagoda. The pagoda also has another name, Linh Thong Co Tu. According to many Chinese documents, the pagoda was built on a large pine hill during the Later Le Dynasty. However, through analyzing the terracotta statues in the temple, many archaeologists believe that the temple has existed for about a thousand years. Nom Pagoda has bold Asian architecture, typical of ancient Vietnamese pagodas. The pagoda houses more than 100 terracotta statues with exquisite sculptures. The temple is very sacred and treasured by the people of Nom village.


The knitting village is Thu Sy

That knitting village in Thu Sy commune, Tien Lu district, Hung Yen province has been practicing for more than 200 years and still exists today. It is a tool commonly used to catch shrimp, crab, fish... familiar to farmers in the Northern Delta of Vietnam.

In the past, the knitting profession developed vibrantly in Thu Sy commune, every family knitted, now because the fields use a lot of chemicals and pesticides, there are fewer fish and shrimp, along with the development of society there are many fishing tools. Since it was recently introduced, it is more productive and effective in deep water areas, so Thu Sy now only has about 500 people who know how to knit. Every year, Thu Sy supplies about 700,000 products to provinces such as Ha Nam, Nam Dinh, Bac Ninh, Bac Giang... where there are sunken fields and many canals, rivers and especially are exported abroad. Foreign countries like America, Singapore, Japan, India... use it for interior decoration. Knitting is a side job in Thu Sy when farming is free, but it brings 50% of the stable income to cover the lives of the people here.


Dong Cao Bac Giang



In recent years, Dong Cao has become known as a suitable location for weekend camping trips for young people who love backpacking. With a cool, fresh climate and pristine beauty, Dong Cao is also known as Mau Son of Bac Giang. According to reviews, this is one of the great places to light a campfire and wait for beautiful moments at dawn. Let's Travel would like to share with you some experiences of traveling to Dong Cao as well as important information so that you can make your own arrangements and invite friends to explore this place. About 160km northeast of Hanoi, Dong Cao is a small plateau in Ga village, Thach Son commune, Son Dong district, Bac Giang province. It's called Dong Cao, but actually the plateau's altitude is only about 600m (compared to sea level) from the highest climbing point. With relatively flat valley-style terrain and quite isolated from nearby residential areas, Dong Cao is a suitable and extremely ideal place to organize tent-building and campfire social activities. Located in the Northeast region at an altitude of 600m, Dong Cao has a cool climate in the summer and relatively cold in the winter. The road to Dong Cao in many places is still dirt and quite steep, not suitable for traveling if it rains. With such information, Cung Phuot suggests that you should go to Dong Cao around September-November, at this time the North has almost no showers and has not yet welcomed winter, the dry weather is very suitable. for camping. If you go in the summer (June-August), please pay attention to the weather to avoid going during storms.


Thien Hau Temple

Thien Hau Temple was built in 1640 by 40 families of Guangdong, Guangxi, and Fujian people in China. The temple was built according to Chinese architectural style in many aspects, such as the Three Entrance Gate, the worship house, the temple roof, corner blades and truss structures. The temple was designed, chiseled and decorated with pre-made patterns from China, then transported to Vietnam for construction.

The temple worships Mrs. Lam Tuc Mac, the 6th daughter of Lam Nguyet, from Bo Dien, Fujian province, born on the 23rd day of the 3rd lunar month, in the reign of Song Kien Long (960). According to legend, when she was born, she had a sweet fragrance and a brilliant aura. Growing up while the people were suffering from crop failure and famine, she discovered a type of seaweed that was used to cook jelly as food to save the hungry people. She also discovered a cooking oil called ma moc, extracted from a plant in the sesame family, to help poor people overcome long periods of hunger. During the fourth year of Song Ung Hi's reign (987), on the 9th day of the 9th lunar month, she was not sick and naturally passed away. Legend has it that she died on a day when "Quan Tien played music". The four words "White Day Flying Up" engraved on the palanquin in the temple say that. She often appears to rescue boats in distress, so people worship her as the God of the Sea. Some places along our country's coast have temples to worship her. Thien Hau Temple has a high and wide frontage of the Three Entrance Gate, the walls on both sides are decorated with squares of beautiful blue floral ceramic tiles. The front yard of the front house has two lions made of vividly carved marble, and the steps are paved with large blocks of stone. The main temple is built of Bat Trang bricks, the roof is covered with tube tiles, the head of the knife is slightly curved in the shape of a fish tail. The front door is engraved with images of civil and martial mandarins following their servants, painted red and blue. On the rafters in the front hall, stories from the Three Kingdoms or Journey to the West are also engraved. Today, the temple still preserves 32 ordinations and many great inscriptions related to traveling on rivers and seas and praising the goddess's talents. In addition to the main worship space, the two side rooms also have altars for her parents and siblings and altars for Chinese families who contributed to building and renovating the temple. Every year, Thien Hau Temple holds a festival on the 23rd day of the third lunar month (main festival), which is her birthday and September 9, which is her transformation day. On these days, Chinese and Vietnamese people come to attend the ceremony and procession very happily and solemnly. The offerings are traditional Chinese dishes such as Dong Cau cake, Siu candy, Turtle cake, and To Chau cake. Thien Hau Temple is one of the very few ancient Chinese architectural works in Pho Hien still preserved today. With the purpose of preserving and promoting to the masses, Hung Yen province has restored Thien Hau temple to be more spacious and beautiful. Thien Hau Temple was ranked as a national cultural and historical relic in 1990.


Au Co National Mother Temple

Au Co National Mau Temple is located on the banks of the Red River in Hung Cuong commune, Hung Yen city. This is a quiet temple with three sides being fields, the other side bordering the Red River. Not far away is an ancient, solemn temple forming a wild, ancient relic.

According to the remaining temple genealogy, when King Le Dai Hanh drove the enemy out of Dai Viet, he passed by Mieu Ba and stopped for a lunch break. Here, the king was told in a dream by Mother Au Co. Then, 24 young men from Hoang Xa village with unusual appearances asked to help the king fight the enemy. When they returned victorious, 24 boys transformed into heaven. Feeling grateful for the heart of Mother Au Co and the 24 young men who contributed to helping the country, King Le Dai Hanh ordained "National Mother of the Most High Spirit - Great King of Hundred Gods". Au Co National Mau Temple is the oldest temple in Vietnam. The temple worshiping the two German Mother Au Co and the National Patriarch Lac Long Quan was built in 981. It has been more than 1,000 years now but the temple is still intact and retains its rare ancient features. Every year, the Au Co Temple Festival is held from March 7 to 10 of the lunar calendar, to return to the roots and pay tribute to the saints. Especially on the occasion of the 2014 festival, Au Co National Mau Temple was honored to receive the Record Certificate of Au Co Mau Temple having the oldest architecture in Vietnam and the heaviest banh chung in Vietnam weighing more than 5 tons, offered to ancestors, Hung Kings and serve people inside and outside the province to admire and enjoy...


Huc Stone Tablet



Da Huc village is located in the center of Binh Son ward, Luc Nam district (Bac Giang) about 8 km. From the inter-ward road running through the village, looking up is the dark green of the primeval forest - green ironwood forest. Right at the edge of the forest is an ancient communal house overlooking the settlement of the Cao Lan people. Mr. To Van Thanh, village head, said that the green ironwood forest has been owned by the Cao Lan people here for a long time. The forest is about 6 hectares wide with nearly 200 ironwood trees and many other precious wood trees. Over the years, the ironwood forest has been cared for and protected by the people like a village treasure. Village elder To Van Quang Lang (82 years old) confided: Since I was a child, the ironwood forest has been like that. My ancestors also said that when we were born, the ironwood forest was already so green! It can only be said that the ironwood trees here are hundreds of years old. Among them, the two ironwood trees to the left of the communal house's door are about 50 meters high, their canopy is about 25 meters wide, and their trunks are so large that 3-4 people cannot hug them. People here still tell each other many mysterious stories surrounding the green ironwood forest and the ancient communal house. Da Huc communal house next to the green ironwood forest has become sacred and is the pride and respect of the Cao Lan people here. No one dares to arbitrarily cut down branches and trees in the ironwood forest. Every year on the March 15 festival or special days of the Cao Lan people, people gather to clean up the communal house, remove weeds, and take care of the ironwood forest forever. Whenever there is a major event of the family, clan, or people, they often come to the communal house with offerings to pray for the Forest God to protect their lives with good luck and peace.


Phoenix Temple

The temple has a triangle-shaped architecture, in the style of overlapping beds. The two ends are two pillars, the ends of the pillars are shaped like lotus buds. Rows of rafters carved with soft wire flowers.

The center of the altar is decorated with an altar, on both sides are two parallel sentences praising the merits of Cuc Hoa. On the left hangs a large bell cast during the Bao Dai period. The central building and the main hall are placed with a large shrine. Inside the examination is a statue of Chrysanthemum. Both sides worship the Monsignor and the Thanh Hoang. The innermost part is designed in the style of stacking matches and decorated with Buddha statues.


Phuc Lam Pagoda

Phuc Lam Hung Yen Pagoda is located in La Mat village, Phu Ung commune, An Thi district, Hung Yen province. This is an attractive spiritual tourist destination only about 1 hour drive from Hanoi. With a peaceful, tranquil village scene and eye-catching architecture, Phuc Lam Hung Yen Pagoda has become a pagoda that attracts many tourists to visit.

Phuc Lam Pagoda Hung Yen is an ancient pagoda that has existed for a long time. It has recently undergone an overhaul. With unique and impressive architecture, the temple has been compared to the land of golden temples in Thailand. Anyone who comes to Phuc Lam Pagoda for the first time cannot help but be surprised by the beautiful space like a fairyland. Not only the elderly but also young people often visit the temple because of the breathtaking beauty of Phuc Lam Pagoda. The temple grounds are about more than 4 hectares wide, with many trees and beautifully decorated miniature landscapes. The pagoda has 4 super large towers and giant Buddha statues, exuding a sacred, mysterious yet extremely pure and peaceful look. The pagoda is a sacred place to pray for wealth, fortune and peace of the people of Hung Yen.


Chuong Pagoda

From Hanoi, follow Highway 5 about 28km east, visitors will arrive at Pho Noi town. From here, follow Highway 39 about 34km south to reach Chuong Pagoda.

Chuong Pagoda's literal name is "Kim Chung Tu", meaning Golden Bell Pagoda. Legend has it that one year there was a great flood, a wooden raft was swept away by the water and drifted into the river bank of Nhan Duc village, An Tao district, Kim Dong district, Khoai Chau district, Hung Yen province (now part of Hien Nam ward, Hung Yen city). On the raft there was a beautiful golden bell. People in the area tried every way to bring the bell to shore, but in the end only the people of Nhan Duc village were able to do it. Thinking that God wanted to help, the people in the village contributed their labor and resources to build a pagoda and a bell tower. From then on, the pagoda was called Kim Chung Tu (Golden Bell Pagoda). Chuong Pagoda was built in the Later Le Dynasty (15th century). Through many times of restoration and embellishment, the pagoda now has a "Foreign Noi Cong" style architecture, facing south, which according to Buddhist beliefs is the direction associated with happiness and goodness. The architectural complex in the pagoda is arranged symmetrically, stretching along a straight line from the Tam Quan gate to the Patriarch's house. The three-entrance gate has decorative motifs and patterns influenced by Chinese art style, notably: a dragon image embossed on the surface of the gate, a relief of four Tang monks and disciples going to get sutras in the West. Truc... Through the Tam Quan gate is a green stone bridge built in 1702, spanning the dragon eye pond. Continuing through the large yard, you will reach the Tien Duong house with 5 compartments and 2 wings, designed in the style of husband and wife fighting lotus. Connecting between the Front Hall and the Upper Palace is a small courtyard with four-sided stone pillars engraved with Chinese characters recording the merits of the people repairing the pagoda. The Upper Palace also has 5 compartments and 2 wings, with the same structure as Tien Duong. Inside the Upper Palace there are many beautiful statues such as: Tam The statue, Bodhisattvas: Manjushri, Pho Hien, Jade Emperor, Nam Tao, Bac Dau, Shakyamuni Buddha, Amitabha Buddha... Through the Upper Palace there are two Symmetrical corridors lead to the Mother's house, the Patriarch's house and the bell tower. In those two corridors, there are many statues arranged in order. The first is a group of statues sketching the "Ten Palaces of Hell" cave - depicting the torture scenes that people have to go through in the underworld. Next is the Eightfold Vajra, then "The Eighteen Arhats" (18 Arhats), Monsignor, next to Gia Lan - True Master and finally the Holy Sage, next to Diem Nhien - Great Master. . In addition to its beautiful and majestic architecture, Chuong Pagoda also preserves many valuable artifacts such as horizontal panels, parallel sentences, etc., especially the stone stele "Kim Chung Tu Stone Biography" built in the 7th year of Vinh Thinh. (1711). On the stele are written the names of those who contributed to repairing the pagoda and describe the beautiful scenery and streets of ancient Pho Hien. In 1992, Bell Pagoda was ranked by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national architectural and artistic relic.


Dong Thech Ancient Tomb

Located in Chieng Dong hamlet, Vinh Dong commune, Kim Boi district, Hoa Binh province, Dong Thech Ancient Tomb was previously considered an inviolable sacred place for the people here.

Also because of many legends that have been woven for many generations, Dong Thech Ancient Tomb is like a deserted, cold holy place that no one dares to come close to for more than 400 years until 1954, when the first footprints came here. and the answer about this vast land is gradually being revealed. The very name of Dong Thech Ancient Tomb has made many people shiver in fear. “Heap” is an ancient word for stone tombs. “Thech” is the name of an old place in Muong Dong. Since then, Dong Thech refers to stone tombs located close together. This burial site is now located in a valley surrounded by hills, forests and luxuriant trees. Bordered on all sides by Ong Noi hill, This Thech, Thech stream and Rang Dong. Dong Thech Ancient Tomb relic is said to have appeared and existed for more than 400 years. This is the tomb of the Dinh family, headed by Dinh Nhu Lenh. Dinh, next to the Quach, Bach and Ha families, were formerly four aristocratic lineages of prisoners of war who divided themselves to rule the vast land of Muong Dong. Some rumors also say that, in addition to burying people from the Dinh family, this tomb is also the final resting place of many servants of the mandarins. In the 17th - 18th centuries, Dinh Cong Ky of the Dinh family made great achievements under the reign of King Le Trung Hung. The previous Dinh family was also changed to Dinh Cong. When Dinh Cong Ky was still alive, legend has it that he was very barbaric, cruel and abusive. When he died, he was given the title of Marquis. King Le Trung Hung even had to send people to Thanh Hoa to get green stone stele as a tombstone for Dinh Cong Ky. The descendants of the Dinh family who later died also had a similar stone stele. There are many rumors that after death, a mandarin of the Dinh family wanted to protect the buried wealth and buried many young men and women alive. Because of this, these young men and women have resentment and turn into evil ghosts. This is also one of the superstitious rumors that makes no one dare to go to this ancient tomb. Previously, there were hundreds of stone tombs scattered in this area, creating a strange scene, where high and low stone pillars of different sizes were scattered in a luxuriant valley. Thanks to its "dragon's eye" location - a beautiful terrain according to ancient feng shui, deserted surroundings and surrounded by tall forests that make it seem like light cannot penetrate this place, Dong Thech Ancient Tomb once had an "inviolable" period of time, no one dared to set foot in until 1954, when expeditions and archaeological teams first set foot in this "holy land". Today, although Dong Thech Ancient Tomb is considered a relic with many archaeological and historical values ​​and has become a new tourist destination, many mysteries about this tomb have not yet been fully resolved. The relic area is also shrinking due to human impact. Many tombs still exist, but the ancient Chinese characters on the tombstones have faded, and some small tombs are almost flattened.


Chieu Cave

Chieu Cave is one of the famous tourist destinations of Mai Chau town, Hoa Binh. This is considered a black pearl in the mysterious Mai Chau. Every time dawn rises and dusk falls, Chieu Cave's shimmering corners, which have been miraculously designed by nature, become even more splendid and attractive. Layers of bright stalactites attract all visitors' eyes from the moment they enter the cave entrance.

When entering about 15m, visitors will reach the main cave of Chieu cave with a height of more than 50m and a length of about 50m. Observing all the stalactite smoke in the cave, visitors can see the ingenuity of nature in creating stalactites with so many shapes, with each block giving visitors a different association. They grow everywhere in the cave, creating special structures, layer upon layer, under the cave floor, cave side, cave ceiling. Everywhere these stalactites can grow with very natural shapes. The main palace, opposite the cave entrance, is a gathering place of stone blocks shaped like a Buddha, located at a height of about 20m. Below the cave floor, on one side is a dinosaur and on the other side is a stone goat kneeling prostrate, guarding and protecting the eternal sleep of all living things. Going further to the right, visitors will see a giant camel, resting peacefully. Behind the camel is a tree of time about 25m high, 2 to 3m in diameter, with many landmarks like a natural calendar. The tree is made up of water droplets filtered from the cave ceiling millions of years ago. . The reason people call this Chieu cave is because every afternoon, sunlight shines into the cave, the stalactites in the cave reflect beautiful sparkling light, creating magical halos in the eyes of visitors. guest. Many visitors cannot help but be surprised when admiring with their own eyes the layers of stalactites like reflective crystals, the cave space glowing as if there was a pearl emitting light into the outside space. The flow paths of small streams of water alternating with layers of stalactites winding in the cave are like small water veins, small rivers of a very beautiful miniature map. To visit and admire that magical work of nature, visitors must climb up to 1200 steps, a not short distance for visitors to see those works.


Thac Bo Cave

From City. Hoa Binh, follow Highway 6 south for more than 20km to Cao Phong town, turn right and continue a little further, visitors will arrive at Thung Nai tourist boat wharf (Thung Nai commune). From here, tourists board a boat and travel up the Da River about 17km to reach Ngoc wharf at the foot of Chua mountain.

During the low water season, visitors have to climb nearly 100 stone steps to reach the cave entrance. During the high water season, just go from the boat to the floating house and then cross the pontoon bridge to be able to admire the beautiful scenery of the cave. . From the cave entrance, visitors can look out into the distance to see the vast Da River and the rolling, undulating mountain ranges. The reason the cave is called Thac Bo is because the cave is located next to Bo waterfall (also known as Van Bo waterfall or Hoa rapids). Thac Bo Cave is more than 100m deep, with the widest part of the cave being more than 20m, divided into 3 areas. From the cave entrance, visitors will come to a reception area with rows of stone benches to sit, rest and watch. scene. This area has a high ceiling, quite wide cave, and airy space. On the cave wall, stalactites form large clusters, hanging down. Among them, making a special impression on visitors is the large stalactite shaped like a carp turning into a dragon or a human figure nearly 2 meters high. Crossing a small 30m long bridge spanning a small lake, visitors will reach the central area. This place is likened to a "stone forest" because of the convergence of layers and layers of stalactites and stalactites with interesting shapes rising from the bottom of the cave and hanging down from the ceiling. Some places look like bright beams of lights, some places look like a forest of colorful flowers, some places look like cactus bushes with sharp thorns... In particular, in the middle of this area there is a stone pillar about 10 meters high, surrounding it. Surrounded by layers of low, heaving stone columns. From the central area, step up the stone steps with a length of about 50m, visitors will reach the Buddha worship area, about 30m long, about 15m wide, high domed ceiling, cool space and stalactites shaped like enemies like Buddha statues. This area also has an altar to worship Buddha and the gods who govern the area. Thac Bo Cave was recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism as a national monument in 2007.


Bong Lai Temple

Located at the foot of Dragon Head Mountain, in zone 3, Cao Phong town, Hoa Binh province, about 10km south of Hoa Binh city center, Bong Lai temple (also known as Thuong Bong Lai temple) worships the Second God. Thuong thousand fairies (ie Co Doi Thuong Ngan) and the saints of the Four Palaces. Legend has it that this is where Co Doi met the Second Holy Mother (Mother Thuong Ngan) and is where she reincarnated.

The temple was built in 1890 and was beautifully restored at the end of 2013 on an area of ​​more than 5,000m² to meet the religious needs of a large number of people and tourists from all over. Stepping through the temple's Tam Quan gate is a large yard, on both sides are two rows of striped houses. The left row worships the Ladies (Tu Phu Thanh Co) and the right row worships the Boys (Tu Phu Thanh Cau). The temple's great worship hall consists of 3 compartments decorated with many reliefs, diaphragms, tureens, etc., painted and gilded splendidly and solemnly. The outermost chamber worships the Council, Quan Hoang Trieu (Quan Hoang Doi) and Quan Dieu That (Great Quan Dieu That). The second room worships the Jade Emperor, the Four Palaces of the Holy Emperor and the Tran Dynasty. The third room worships the Four Palaces of Chau Ba, Son Trang Thuong, and Son Trang Thoai. The harem is the place to worship Tam Toa Thanh Mau and Co Doi Thuong Ngan.


Mai Chau Text

Beautiful tourist destination Mai Chau Hoa Binh is just behind the Lac village tourist area, from the center of Mai Chau town along a straight stretch of asphalt road between the foot of terraced fields about 1km from Highway 15 to Van village, A quiet village located right at the foot of Pu Van mountain where the Thai ethnic people live.

Ban Van currently has 94 households, 376 people, of which Thai people account for 99%, divided into 5 inter-family groups according to production teams. Currently, the village has 2 households following the model - guests stay, stay, and participate in activities with the homeowner to explore local culture. Every year the village welcomes hundreds of domestic and foreign tourists to visit. Along with the Thai ethnic people in Mai Chau district, Thai people in Van village live mainly on wet rice cultivation, animal husbandry and traditional occupations such as weaving and knitting. Going deep into the village, every family can see that the village roads and alleys are swept clean and the outbuildings are hygienic. Modern houses still retain traditional features and are ready to welcome tourists to visit and relax. Coming here, visitors will learn about unique Thai dishes such as: sticky rice, grilled fish, bamboo-tube rice - indispensable specialties during the holidays. In the past, the food Thai people used every day was sticky rice, and sticky rice was a typical Thai dish. From sticky rice, Thai people can make sticky rice and mix it with corn or cassava or dye the leaves to make five-color sticky rice. In addition to sticky rice, Thai people also process sticky rice into lam rice - a favorite dish of tourists and also a gift full of Northwest flavor for tourists to give as gifts when returning. Not far from the town, Van village still retains the rustic wild features of the Thai people. Here, visitors will see stilt houses looming over bamboo groves, terraced fields winding around the village, green corn fields and cassava fields creating a poetic natural scene. Walking around the village, visitors will witness the simple lives of the people and encounter the smiles and friendly eyes of the mountainous people. When the afternoon falls, on a simple, cozy tray of rice filled with human love, guests will enjoy the spicy flavor of a jar of can wine and immerse themselves in the Xoe dance of charming Thai girls. The sound of music mixed with the steps of the dance will help visitors forget all their fatigue and find a feeling of relaxation and peace. Tourists coming to Van village at the beginning of the year will be able to participate in folk games such as "to wear odd", tug of war, "keng loong", shuttlecock throwing, crossbow shooting... and many other folk games that are being recognized by the government. The village restored and enriched the cultural and spiritual life of the Thai people. With the characteristics of a highland village, Van village is preserving and promoting traditional cultural values, promoting development and becoming an ideal destination for domestic and foreign tourists.


Pom Coong village

Pom Coong means village of hills located on a big drum, implying rice fields - a name rich in symbolism and meaning. Pom Coong has been known as a cultural village, tourist village, and attractive destination for tourists from all over with nearly 70 households and more than 300 people.

Traditionally, Pom Coong people still build unique stilt houses to live in. The houses grow close together, separated only by vegetable beds or thin hedges. Sitting on wooden doors, people can chat and have fun together. Unlike the stilt houses of other ethnic groups, the stilt houses of the Thai people are usually taller, so they always create a clean and airy feeling. The floor is 2m above the ground with sturdy wooden pillars. Bamboo flooring or the chamber. The roof is thatched with rattan leaves or improved with bricks. The windows in the house are quite large in size to receive cool breezes and are also a place for the homeowner to hang orchids, wild flowers, and ornamental bird cages. At the foot of the stilt house, Thai girls work hard at the looms making unique brocade products, attracting tourists. Souvenir products are brocades, bags, and shirts sold right at the foot of the stilt houses with many colorful colors, making Pom Coong's stilt houses even more outstanding. Although it is a small village, Pom Coong has up to 4 men's and women's volleyball teams and two performance teams that regularly practice to interact and perform for tourists. Once visitors come to Pom Coong, few can forget the joyful music from the bamboo dance, Xoe dance, and Long dance of Thai boys and girls that captivate people's hearts. In particular, the people here are hospitable, but do not entice or pressure customers to buy souvenirs. That is also the charm of Pom Coong. The vitality of Pom Coong tourism is the very clean "pure Thai" space. Clean water sources, well-organized water and sanitation facilities give visitors a feeling of freshness and safety. Water is mainly tap water. Waste is classified, stored in bins and will be processed. Village roads and alleys are always clean, there are no people throwing trash indiscriminately. Visitors to Pom Coong are mainly foreigners, students and students who are passionate about learning about ethnic minority cultures. number. They come here to better understand the life and people of the Thai people, they immerse themselves in Thai life and really enjoy Xoe dances, gong festivals, sleeping in stilt houses - drinking Can wine. and walk to see the mountains and people here...


Ban Ngoi

Ban Ngoi was formed after the government decided to build a dam and block the Da River to build the Hoa Binh Hydropower Plant. In ancient times, the village was located deep at the foot of the mountain; after the water level rises; People in the village moved to a higher position along the mountainside. Ngoi Hoa village is located along the banks of the Da River (Hoa Binh Lake), isolated from the outside world. The most convenient and popular method of transportation to Ngoi village is by boat on Hoa Binh lake.

Ngoi Hoa village is about 45 minutes by boat from Thung Nai port, Cao Phong; 1h30 boat trip from Bich Ha port (Hoa Binh City). Because of this special feature, it has attracted many tourists to visit and explore the village. Ban Ngoi is more than 30km from Hoa Binh city, so visitors can go to Ngoi village by road, then park the car, then take a boat to the opposite side to reach the village (Ban Ngoi is located on the other side of the river). Ban Ngoi has nearly 90 Most households and people are Muong people, so this place possesses many unique ethnic cultural features. In front of Ngoi village is Ngoi Hoa Bay (Hoa Binh Lake) - which is considered one of the most beautiful spots on the lake. Behind the village are beautiful consecutive limestone mountains. The lives of the villagers depend mainly on fishing on the river and finding food sources in the forest. Accordingly, Ngoi village was recognized as a Muong ethnic community cultural tourism village in 2017. The village has 8 homestays that meet standards to serve tourists who come to visit and stay overnight. Homestay can accommodate 20 - 25 guests/floor; Each homestay has 2 toilets and 2 bathrooms. Homestay in Ngoi village is built according to the Muong people's stilt house tradition: wooden columns and frames; The palm leaf roof creates an airy and comfortable feeling for visitors. Tourists staying overnight at a homestay in the village only cost 100,000 VND/person/mattress. When traveling to Ngoi Hoa Binh village, visitors will have the opportunity to learn about the unique indigenous culture here. Visitors can admire and enjoy the natural scenery of majestic rivers, mountains and forests; breathe fresh, cool air. Activities such as swimming on the lake, fishing, kayaking, exploring the village, trekking in caves, learning to make snail cakes, pulling nets to catch fish with the people... are interesting experiences that visitors will experience. when arriving at Ngoi village. In particular, visitors will enjoy many fresh and attractive specialties. At the same time, getting drunk on Can wine, dancing and singing with the performing arts team is also a fun activity for tourists coming to the village. It can be said that Ngoi Hoa Binh village is a new destination for groups of students, families, and friends who like to explore and experience local culture.


Giang Mo village

Giang Mo village (Binh Thanh commune, Cao Phong district, Hoa Binh province) is known as an attractive community cultural tourism destination. The peaceful space in Giang Mo makes this an ideal place to stop for those who want to take a break from the hustle and bustle of the city.

From City. Hanoi, following Highway 6 about 86km, visitors will reach Binh Thanh commune - Cao Phong - Hoa Binh. Tay Tien road running along the commune will lead visitors to Giang Mo village nestled under vast mountains, forests, and fields. Giang Mo village has more than 100 households, all of whom are Muong ethnic people, who mainly make a living from farming and animal husbandry. The highlight that creates a special attraction for the main village is the ancient stilt houses. Stilt houses are associated with the customs, habits, and daily life of Muong villagers, built in a position leaning against high ground such as hillsides or mountainsides to receive fresh air and facilitate living. your activities. Along with the traditional stilt houses, the Muong people here still preserve their lifestyle and many ancient production tools made from wood, bamboo or cork such as: weaving looms, bows, crossbows, and making tools. slash-and-burn fields... form their own customs in daily life as well as daily production labor. Coming to Giang Mo, visitors can walk on the small road running along the village to admire the wild, green beauty of the landscape here; To learn about Muong culture, enjoy ethnic specialties such as upland sticky rice, black sticky rice, boiled Muong pork displayed on banana leaves, hill chicken, grilled stream fish and can wine at very reasonable prices. cheap (food depends on the customer's order) stay overnight in the stilt houses (30k/person/night), and watch musical performances performed by the girls and boys of the village at the request of the guests. .


Da Bia Village

Da Bia village (Tien Phong commune, Da Bac district, Hoa Binh province), where there are ancient stilt houses as Homestays, rustic dishes of the Muong Ao Ta people, jars of sweet and thick wine, and cultural features. Characterized by a rustic, approachable, hospitable, "indigenous" character, the majestic and poetic natural beauty fascinates people.

From City. From Hoa Binh to Da Bia village, visitors can travel by river (waterway) and road very conveniently. Going by road or waterway to Da Bia village has its beauty and excitement. With the waterway, visitors can admire the Hoa Binh lake bed with magical clear blue water, large and small islands undulating intact. with lush green vegetation. As for the road, visitors can experience each dangerous winding road, sometimes going uphill, sometimes going downhill, creating a strong feeling, both sides of the road are covered with shady green trees, flowers, wild flowers blooming in full bloom. The whole route is purple, very suitable for those who like to explore and enjoy harmony with nature. This place still retains its natural beauty, making it a special attraction for tourists who are passionate about exploring. Coming here, visitors can feel the peace, quiet, no hustle and bustle, no hustle and bustle of the city, and breathe in the fresh, cool air of primeval mountains and forests. , watching the white clouds floating on the top of the mountain, joining in the songs of all kinds of birds and animals echoing throughout the whole land... At night on Da Bia village, there are few lights, visitors can leisurely watch the stars. heaven or immerse yourself in the songs and dances given by the people. All create a peaceful, relaxing time, perhaps a motivating force for visitors after the daily fatigue and busyness.


Ban Step

About 25km southwest of the district center, Ban Buoc, Xat Khoe commune, is located on a hill covered with green palm forests. Xom Muoc still retains its pristine features and rich national cultural identity. For that reason, this place was chosen to build the project "Thai village associated with tourism".

Muoc hamlet dates back to the 13th century with the original name Chua Lot village, later renamed Muoc hamlet. Before 1957, Duoc hamlet belonged to Bao La commune. In 1957, it was merged into Xat Khoe commune. The hamlet is 100% Thai ethnic people with 70 households and over 300 people, currently preserving many rich traditional cultural features. Previously, the village of the people of Muoc hamlet settled along the stream. In 2007, Duoc hamlet was planned to be built into an eco-tourism area, the whole hamlet moved to a planned location with an area of ​​5 hectares, with a stadium. 2 hectares wide cave, private parking lot for tourism. This is a "community tourism" model, associated with exploitation and restoration and preservation of natural beauty and unique traditional cultural values ​​of the Thai ethnic people. Previously, when it was not planned as a tourist destination, the whole village had a family that registered to run a spontaneous tourism service business. To date, the entire village has 15 households registered to do tourism business. In 2014, Muoc hamlet welcomed about 500 visitors to visit and learn about the cultural life of the people. The Thai people in Duoc hamlet have inherited an extremely rich material and spiritual cultural heritage. Those are the practices of wet rice cultivation, slash-and-burn farming, traditional stilt houses made of wooden floors, thatched roofs, very typical production labor tools such as water rods, baskets, baskets... Project "Nguoi Village" "Thailand is associated with tourism" and is gradually awakening the inherent potential here. To improve the spiritual life of the people and serve tourists. In the village, a performance team of 12 people has been established who can dance, sing Thai folk songs and perform other performances. The performance team regularly practices and receives advice and suggestions from the elders in the village. When there are tourists in the village, performing arts teams will come to perform for them. The interesting and different point when traveling to Ban Buoc is that tourists can come and stay for a long time in the village, maybe 2 - 3 months. During that time, visitors will be able to visit the practices of wet rice farming and slash-and-burn farming. If they want, they can directly participate in productive labor with the ethnic people here. Many attractive activities such as following seventeen-twenty girls up the hill to find cotton reeds to weave blankets and mattresses, climbing mountains to admire the scenery... Seeing the delicate craftsmanship in every needle and thread of the Thai girl "ferry tweezers" ” (quilt stitching). At night, the people of Duoc village welcome tourists with traditional Thai ethnic bracelets.


Hoan Kiem lake



Hoan Kiem Lake, also known as Sword Lake, is known as the shining pearl of Hanoi Capital. This place has become a famous destination attracting tourists, associated with the cultural life of Hanoi people for many generations. Sword Lake also has a number of other names such as Ta Vong Lake, Luc Thuy Lake (green lake) or Thuy Quan Lake (because the lake used to be a place to train naval soldiers to fight). In the 15th century, the lake was renamed Hoan Kiem Lake (returning the sword), associated with the story of returning the precious sword to the golden turtle of King Le Thai To. Since then, Hoan Kiem Lake has been preserved to become an important historical and cultural relic of the capital in particular and the country in general. Hoan Kiem Lake is an ideal gathering place for the four seasons: resplendent in peach colors and traditional festivals in the spring, welcoming cool breezes to dispel the sultry heat of summer, and captivated in the poetic scenery beside the willow trees. the droopiness of autumn or the dreamy beauty in the cold air when winter comes. Located on a mound in the center of the lake, Turtle Tower is the most attractive highlight in Hoan Kiem Lake. Built in 1884, with French architecture combined with ancient Vietnamese feudal architecture, Turtle Tower emerges in the middle of an ancient lake, mossy and full of contemplation. Around the lake there are many famous relics such as Hoa Phong Tower, Pen Tower, The Huc Bridge, Ngoc Son Temple, Ba Kieu Temple... To visit Sword Lake, visitors can choose many means of transportation such as motorbikes, Cyclo, tram or walk to explore and better appreciate the beautiful scenery around the lake. In recent years, on weekends, around the lake will become a walking city with many attractive activities such as street music, folk games... attracts a large number of tourists. Walking on the walking street and spending time enjoying famous cuisine in the center of the old town will be a memorable experience for visitors to Hanoi.


Nam Du archipelago



Located in the southeast of Phu Quoc island, Nam Du archipelago belongs to An Son and Nam Du communes, Kien Hai district, Kien Giang province, about 60km from the mainland. Nam Du has an area of ​​about 1,054 hectares, including 21 large and small islands, of which 11 are inhabited. Possessing a pristine, charming beauty with blue sea, white sand, golden sunshine, coral reefs, schools of colorful fish and a variety of fresh seafood, Nam Du is likened to a miniature Ha Long Bay in the heart of the city. Southern sea, bringing visitors interesting experiences. Hon Lon is the largest island in the Nam Du archipelago, with an area of ​​771 hectares with many beautiful beaches such as: Dat Do beach, Cay Men beach, Ngu beach, Gieng beach... along with rows of green coconut trees, some trees up to 70 - 80 years old. . This is an ideal place for tourists to swim, scuba dive to see coral or catch fish and snails on coastal rocks. Coming to Hon Lon, backpackers can rent motorbikes to drive around the unique road along the island. On one side of the road is a steep cliff, on the other side is a jade blue sea, in the distance there are small islands and boats offshore, creating a poetic and charming picture of mountains and water. Visitors can also go to the lighthouse located at an altitude of 296m above sea level to visit the radar station and get a panoramic view of the Nam Du archipelago. From City. Rach Gia, every day there is a high-speed train that takes tourists to Hon Lon at 8:15 a.m. and returns to Rach Gia at 12:15 p.m. From Hon Lon, visitors take about 30 minutes by boat to go to Ngang island - the richest and most populous island in the Nam Du archipelago with 900 households, most of whom make a living by exploiting seafood and raising grouper and cobia. cages. Hon Ngang has the largest seaport in Nam Du, gathering many anchored fishing boats. Coming here, in addition to having the opportunity to bathe in the cool blue sea water, visitors can also admire the towering rows of coconut trees and craggy rapids with many strange, unique, and colorful rocks. Thousand shapes lie on top of each other. Tourists should not miss the opportunity to rent boats to go to the sea to visit fish cages, walk around coastal fishing villages to learn about the lives of fishermen, and enjoy seafood such as squid cooked in porridge, shrimp porridge. grilled with onion fat, stir-fried green catfish with onions, grilled imitation fish with banana skins and many delicious oasis species. In particular, at night, looking from Ngang island to Lon island, visitors will see sparkling clusters of light, adding to the mystery of the offshore island. On Ngang island, there is also Ba Chua Xu temple built. quite solid. More than 2km southeast of Hon Ngang is Hon Mau with an area of ​​200 hectares with more than 120 households living. This is an island with a lot of potential for developing resort tourism with beautiful beaches named after the windy season such as Chuong beach with long stretches of white sand and blue sea water; Bac beach (also known as Da Den beach) is attractive with many beautiful rocks, many colors and diverse patterns; South beach has calm waves and calm winds all year round, a place for commercial exchanges and mooring of ships; Nom beach is charming with shady rows of green coconut trees... However, what makes a strong impression on visitors is the gentleness and friendliness of the people on the island. Coming to Hon Mau, visitors can pick their own coconuts to enjoy cool sips of water; personally remove fish caught in nets after a trip to the beach; Cook lunch together or roam around the fishing village to learn about the life and culture of the people here. Tourists will also be led by the fishing village people to visit the place of worshiping giant fish weighing hundreds of tons with sacred and mysterious stories. In the evening, visitors can join the local people to light a fire and grill seafood on the vertical rocks. beach. The journey to explore the Nam Du archipelago will not be complete if visitors miss the opportunity to visit Dau island - a small island with only a few households living but with wild beauty, a beach with golden sand and coconut trees. Soaring green and fresh air. Not only do they have the opportunity to swim, coming to Dau Island, visitors also have the opportunity to explore the world of magical colorful corals and countless species of fish hidden under the clear blue sea water. There is also primeval forest covering about 90% of the island area. Hon Dau is an ideal place to organize overnight camping and enjoy grilled seafood. If you have the opportunity to come to Nam Du to explore each island with its own characteristics, you will certainly have unforgettable experiences about a paradise sea and island of the Fatherland.


Hon Mot



Amid the bustling and vibrant atmosphere on the pearl island of Phu Quoc, Hon Mot has a wild and peaceful beauty like a fairy tale paradise. Located in the Northeast of the pearl island, near the famous Thom beach, Hon Mot is suitable for tourists who love exploring and being close to nature. This place is only 200m from Phu Quoc island, so local people built a small wooden bridge to get to Hon Mot on rainy season days. In the dry season, when the sea water is shallow, visitors can experience walking on the floating road in the middle of the sea to feel the immensity of the sea as well as the fresh, cool air here. Belonging to the pearl island ecosystem, Hon Mot possesses clear turquoise sea water and a rich flora with ancient green trees with beautiful shapes. All create a fairy-tale-like scene, attractive to any tourist. Because the island is small, there is only one asphalt road at Hon Mot, along the path are lovely huts for tourists to rest and organize activities such as taking photos, camping, BBQ... Special features of this island are: Hon Mot's ecosystem is the strong growth of sea spinach with delicate purple petals, both poetic and strange. Tourism activities here are still wild and new, so for tourists planning to explore Hon Mot, prepare enough tools, drinks and preserve a green, clean and beautiful tourism environment. .


Gam Ghi Island



Gam Ghi Island (Phu Quoc) with its clear sea water, long white sand beaches and swaying coconut trees in the wind makes any visitor here surprised with its beautiful paradise-like scenery. Gam Ghi island, also known as Dam Ngang island, is located south of An Thoi town (Phu Quoc city, Kien Giang), part of an archipelago of 17 small islands. Currently, there is only one way to get to Gam Ghi island. The only way is to rent a boat from An Thoi port. On the way, visitors can admire the beauty of the vast sea, the clear blue sky and feel the waves gently caressing the side of the ship. The highlight of Gam Ghi island is the coral reefs here stretching across the vast sea, sparkling brightly under the emerald green water. This is also the place to preserve coral in the southern region of Phu Quoc pearl island. At Gam Ghi island, there are many rocky islands with many strange shapes, standing tall in the middle of the sea. When the waves kick up white foam, it creates an impressive and majestic scene. Coming here, visitors can shake off all the chaos of daily life to fully enjoy moments of immersion in poetic nature. Besides, the seafood source here is very rich and fresh, so visitors can also prepare their own seafood BBQ party caught by themselves.


Hon May Rut



As an island that still retains its wild charm, May Rut island is becoming a favorite destination for tourists when coming to Ngoc Phu Quoc island. Here, visitors can not only enjoy the rich beauty but also have the opportunity to rest, relax and enjoy famous local cuisine. Hon May Rut is an island located to the west of An Thoi Bay. This is one of the most remote islands of Phu Quoc city (Kien Giang). The island impresses tourists with its peaceful, charming scenery, smooth white sand beaches and clear jade-blue sea water. The climate at May Rut island is cool all year round and the weather is pleasant, promising to be a great resort space for tourists. Besides the fresh and clean nature, May Rut island also possesses an extremely diverse and rich flora and fauna ecosystem. Coming here, visitors should not miss the sea fishing activities and join the fishermen to prepare attractive culinary dishes from sea urchins, oysters, snails, cobia, herring, grouper... With wild features. Uniquely gifted by nature, May Rut island offers visitors strange and unique photography angles on the long, smooth white sand bank, rocky beaches with many shapes, swings, wharf, May Rut hammock... In particular, with a geographical location surrounded by many islands of different sizes, May Rut island is an ideal place for tourists to experience kayaking or SUP activities. The shallow water level and crystal clear blue sea water help visitors see the beauty of colorful coral reefs.


Con Dao



Con Dao is an archipelago located in the Southeast, in Ba Ria - Vung Tau province. This beautiful island is known as an attractive spot on the tourist map of Vietnam and the world because of its landscape, ecosystem and special historical values. Con Dao today has transformed into one of the most charming islands on the planet, praised by many famous magazines in the world as one of the top 10 most charming islands on the planet (Lonely Planet travel magazine). (chosen) or top 25 most beautiful beaches in the world (voted by famous travel magazine Travel & Leisure)... Coming here, visitors can learn about history and culture, explore the ocean world with coral reefs. Colorful chants, conquering primeval forests with rich flora and fauna, and most of all, finding moments of peace amid the chaos of everyday life. For tourists who love nature and explore new lands, Con Dao promises to be an ideal destination. This place has a blue beach with endless sand, large mountains cover the island with a green color, bringing visitors to immerse themselves in fresh, clean nature. We can mention beaches such as Dam Trau beach, Nhat beach, Suoi Nong beach, Bay Canh island, Tai island, Ba island... Not only possessing beautiful nature, Con Dao also has many historical and spiritual relics. such as Hang Duong cemetery where there is the grave of heroine Vo Thi Sau, Van Son Tu, Cau temple, Ba Phi Yen temple, Mot mountain pagoda... Con Dao has mild, favorable weather with the rainy season from about May to October and the dry season starts from November to April of the following year. Visitors can explore Con Dao in the dry season, when the sea surface is calm, clear blue with sunshine and beautiful scenery. Or you can travel to Con Dao in the rainy season, the rains here do not last long, the sea is calm so it is suitable to participate in activities at sea, most especially this is the season when turtles from everywhere come to Con Dao to lay eggs so you should always visit Con Dao. attracts many tourists.


Nail Island



Hon Mong Tay is one of the most beautiful islands in Phu Quoc. This place attracts travel lovers because of its charming, wild and pure beauty that is unmatched anywhere else. Mong Tay island belongs to the An Thoi archipelago, located in the south of Phu Quoc island. The name Nail comes from the fact that the nail tree, also known as the mountain pine tree, grows and is very popular here. At Mong Tay island, tourism activities have not developed much, the island seems wild and pure that nature bestows. Coming here, visitors cannot help but be overwhelmed by the heavenly beauty with clear blue sea water, long white sand beaches and rolling rows of coconut trees in the golden sunlight, all creating a relaxing space. , peaceful. The best time to go to Mong Tay island is from November to April of the following year. This is the dry season on the island, when the temperature ranges from 25 - 28 degrees Celsius, so the weather is dry and pleasant, suitable for exploring and participating in fun activities. Not only does it have captivatingly beautiful nature, Mong Tay Island also attracts travel enthusiasts with many interesting experiences. Diving to see coral, visitors will be able to admire the unique marine ecosystem with their own eyes and touch it with their hands. into colorful coral reefs; Participate in fishing and squid fishing activities and ask local people to prepare it to enjoy your results. In particular, seafood on the island is famous for its freshness, so visitors can choose from many dishes such as crab, shrimp, squid... Among them, the most unique dish that should not be missed is herring salad, fragrant and fleshy. and the freshness of the fish will make diners admire and remember forever.


Hon Thom



Phu Quoc is one of the top attractive destinations for tourists. When visiting Phu Quoc, visitors should not miss Hon Thom with many interesting and unique experiential activities. Hon Thom Island is likened to a precious gem, with the seductive beauty of a long stretch of fine white sand, clear and cool blue sea water, and pristine jungle, creating a harmonious beauty between the forest and the rolling sea. attract tourists. When traveling to Hon Thom, remember to visit the famous beautiful beaches on the island of Bai Nam, Bai Chuong, Bai Chao... Besides resort activities, visitors can also have fun with adventure sports. underwater, participate in conquering interesting rocky slopes or explore the simple, rustic life of local people. Below are some entertainment activities that many tourists choose when coming to Hon Thom: Fishing and squid fishing are some of the extremely attractive activities and attract many tourists to participate. Squid fishing activities usually take place at night. Tourists can also ask the fishermen here for instructions on how to catch sea urchins - one of the specialties of Ngoc Island and processed into many dishes such as grilled sea urchins with onion fat, sea urchin rolls, sea urchin fried rice... Sea on the island Thom is not only clean, the water is clear and cool, but it also has many colorful coral reefs and an extremely rich biological world. When participating in diving to see coral here, visitors need to follow the instructions of lifeguards to have an interesting and safe ocean exploration. Around Hon Thom island, there are many cages for aquaculture and pearl farming. When coming here, visitors can also admire the pearl mining process and can choose to buy it as souvenirs for relatives and friends. In particular, visitors should not forget to enjoy famous delicious specialties at Hon Thom such as herring salad, red snapper salad, sir bien mai, sea urchin, grouper grilled in foil, fried frog gill fish, mantis shrimp. , abalone…


Ta Pa Lake



An Giang is a province in the Cuu Long quadrangle, one of the largest rice granaries in the South. Tourists go through coconut rows and immense palm fields, cross the Trieu Khuc ferry and go straight to That Son Mountain to enter Ta Pa Lake in Nui To commune, Tri Ton district. Ta Pa is a deep lake located on Ta Pa hill, in the mysterious That Son region. Ta Pa Lake's water always has a jade color that can be seen through to the bottom of the lake. Coming here, an open space as far as the eye can see appears right in front of you... all the tiredness of the long journey of tourists will be well compensated. Ta Pa Lake as well as many other lakes such as Buu Long Lake and Long Son Lake are all artificially created by human hands through the process of exploiting limestone mountains. Ta Pa Lake is surrounded by green grass fields covered with undulating white rocks, and whispering reeds tilting in the wind. Going deeper is a lake, surrounded by high mountains, creating a romantic, charming space, seemingly only found in legends.... With Ta Pa, the space is more open and immense. more and the layout is so majestic, in the distance, the That Son mountain range stands tall in the golden afternoon sun, spreading a honey color onto the Ta Pa field... It's so lovely that nature has rewarded a land in the south of the Fatherland. Tourists walk slowly up the mountains to have a panoramic view of the rice fields in the golden harvest season. Ta Pa fields are not as beautiful as the terraced fields of Hoang Su Phi and Y Ty, and do not have straight wings like the rice fields in Long Xuyen and Bac Lieu... But in Ta Pa, there is peace and tranquility, endless and distant. . Perhaps it inherited the beauty of the rows of palm trees, the squirrel villages bearing the mark of the Khmer people and somewhere the curved roofs of pagoda towers in the afternoon sun. Dear Ta Pa…


Tra Su cajuput forest



Tra Su Melaleuca Forest is one of the most interesting and attractive attractions that tourists cannot miss when arriving in An Giang. Tra Su is the name of the forest with an area of ​​845 hectares, planted with many melaleuca trees near Tra Su mountain area, Van Giao commune, Tinh Bien district. Tra Su cajuput forest is a typical flooded forest for the western region of Hau River with many diverse and rare flora and fauna species, belonging to the special-use forest system of Vietnam. The first check-in attraction is the pier with a beautiful and uniquely designed bridge and pigeon nests above. Starting the journey, the boat (a small boat with a motor) runs along the winding canal, carrying tourists deep into the forest. Visitors will be overwhelmed by the fresh green color covering the vast forest. On the way, visitors can encounter local people harvesting cajuput honey from barrels placed in the forest. Coming to Tra Su Melaleuca Forest Landscape Protection Area, visitors continue to walk along the small path, on both sides of the path are towering Melaleuca trees, casting cool green shadows. To continue exploring Tra Su forest, visitors can follow a small boat to continue deeper into the forest. No more engine noise, returning the green forest to its original space, gently waving the oar, the boatman takes tourists along the canals into the nooks and crannies of the Melaleuca forest. The atmosphere is extremely cool and fresh, with a faint smell of plants and cajuput flowers, passing by cajuput trees hanging down at head level, admiring the monkey bridges connecting two patches of forest, admiring the dense green carpet of water hyacinth. Pancakes and duckweed cover the water surface, bunches of bright yellow Sesbania flowers dotted in the green color of Melaleuca, flocks of chirping storks flying to search for food, nesting in the treetops... all create a picture. River and water nature paintings are extremely magical and romantic that perhaps only Tra Su forest has. Tra Su cajuput forest is most beautiful during the flood season from September to November. The whole forest glows with new vitality, extremely charming. Tourists should not forget to stop by the Observation Lookout to admire the entire vast Melaleuca forest using a telescope with a 25km vision. From here you can glimpse the villages where Khmer and Kinh people live. If you have time, you should also visit unique handicraft villages such as silk weaving, brocade of the Khmer people, beekeeping for honey, cajuput essential oil area... If not by boat, visitors can Explore Tra Su Melaleuca forest on a very unique and charming bamboo bridge of ten thousand steps. This is a man-made structure that holds a Guinness record for being the longest bamboo bridge in a Melaleuca forest in Vietnam. Experiencing the entire winding length of more than 2km of this bridge is also a challenge for many visitors. The entire bamboo bridge is surrounded by green cajuput forest; The carpets of duckweed extending underwater, the chirping of birds throughout the forest... create an extremely poetic, romantic and peaceful scene. Being the navel of the Long Xuyen Quadrangle, the country products here are very rich. Visitors have the opportunity to enjoy specialties such as: sesbania ling fish, sesbania lily fish sour hotpot, grilled snakehead fish, grilled chicken with cajuput honey. Visitors can also buy cajuput essential oil, honey... as gifts for family and friends.


Ta Pa field



When mentioning the West, you will immediately think of the beauty of the immense "flooding season", but besides that, no one can ignore the ripe rice season in the West, a peaceful and colorful beauty. Coming to the wonderful golden rice fields, you will find your soul gently settling, leaving behind the noise of the city. Instead there are gentle cool breezes, occasionally the sound of birds chirping in the golden rice fields. And here, Ta Pa field, located at the foot of Ta Pa and Co To mountains, about 1km from Tri Ton town, is a beautiful and proud landscape of An Giang, considered the only terraced field in the Mekong Delta. . This place has a very unique and interesting scenery due to the indigenous people's practice of "farming with labor" which will be one of the memorable points in the hearts of tourists. With this practice, farmers focus on cultivating together in each area, from one field to another. Therefore, when the harvest season comes, there will be different colors throughout the field. Some parts will be bright green, some parts will be light yellow, some parts will be the dark yellow color of rice flowers waiting to be harvested. There is also the dark brown color of the bare rice stumps, creating a beautiful space filled with the colors of the rice fields. At Ta Pa field, visitors will also see palm trees - a symbol of the land of An Giang rising full of vitality. In particular, in the middle of the field, there is a road divided in two from above, looking like a silk thread running across the field. Coming to Ta Pa fields, you should go at dawn or dusk, then you will not only be able to see the endless beauty of the rice fields, feel the freshness and coolness of the air here, but also Admire a beautiful space filled with the colors of rice fields and sunlight. The most beautiful time can be said to be at sunset, when the sun goes down the mountain, the long shadows of palm trees cast shadows along with the image of farmers returning from a day of work in the fields, all blending together to create a picture. peaceful countryside painting but full of vitality. When visiting Ta Pa field, visitors can also climb to the top of Ta Pa mountain to see the calm blue lake on the mountain. Here, you will have a panoramic view of the vast fields. It is also the most ideal place to take photos of this beautiful, immense landscape. Ta Pa field is most beautiful from September to early November. Especially in November, this is the time when rice is in harvest season, you will admire the field filled with brilliant golden scenery. , immense green color and overwhelmed with the magical scenery of nature here. The Creator gives each land and each person a unique mark. As for Ta Pa, perhaps the most succinct way to describe this place is its harmony, simplicity and radiance in its own way. A wonderful beauty that is not only given by nature, but is the beauty of the labor of farmers in Western Vietnam.


Con Phung (Con Dao Dua)



As a province in the Southwest region, coming to Ben Tre, visitors will be immersed in the beauty of the gentle river region along with the culinary beauty of the famous land of coconuts. Blessed by nature with cool weather all year round and an intricate river system, this place has given this place fruitful fruit gardens and vast green coconut gardens. When you come, you will never forget the feeling of enjoying the cool air and loving the honesty and hospitality of the people here. When coming to Ben Tre, visitors cannot miss the most attractive destination: Con Phung, a floating island in the middle of the Tien River in Tan Thach commune, Chau Thanh district, right at the gateway of Ben Tre province, far from the city center. 12 km (road) and 25 km (river). Con Phung has an area of ​​over 50 hectares, located in a complex of four famous islands known as the four sacred islands of Dragon, Lan, Quy, and Phung. In 2012, the Mekong Delta Tourism Association voted Con Phung tourist destination as "Typical tourist destination of the Mekong Delta". Visiting Con Phung, in addition to admiring the natural beauty of the rivers and gardens of the Southern region, visitors also have the opportunity to discover the unique features of traditional crafts from making rice paper and coconut candy along with making furniture. Handicrafts from coconut trees include red and green masks, photo frames, and utensils such as cups, bowls, spoons, etc., which are meticulously and beautifully carved and are bought by tourists as gifts for their relatives. raft. Coming to Con Phung, visitors will feel the peaceful and poetic scenery when experiencing a boat trip on the romantic Tien River, stopping next to a local house thatched with coconut leaves, sitting on a bamboo chair drinking tea mixed with honey, walking Carriage through roads shaded with green coconut leaves and cool rows of roadside shrubs, listen to the call of nature, stop to listen to amateur music, and especially experience canoeing and rowing. In small canals, the two sides are full of water coconut trees and cork trees with swaying white flowers. And here visitors will witness the entire process of making extremely delicious coconut candy: from mixing, cooking candy, cutting candy, packaging... Con Phung tourist destination has restaurant systems. with good service quality. Guests will feel comfortable and satisfied when sitting in a garden and riverside dining space that is both airy, simple and close. In particular, the cuisine here is extremely rich, all dishes are made from available fresh ingredients and have a very typical Western flavor such as: fried giant fish, fried sticky rice, fish sauce hotpot, and weevils. fried coconut with butter, coconut rice and roasted coconut shrimp...


Thap Muoi lotus field



Summer comes, if you want to enjoy the fresh air, quiet space, and enjoy the rustic dishes of the Southwest region, visitors can go to Dong Thap to explore the beautiful lotus fields. Dong Thap is a rich land with many lotus fields, but the most prominent is Thap Muoi lotus field tourist area in My Hoa commune, Thap Muoi district, nearly 40 km from Cao Lanh city. Getting here is also quite easy. Dong Thap lotus flowers bloom all year round, but the lotus fields are most beautiful during flood season (from August to November). Visitors coming here will be surprised by the lotus carpet spreading as far as the eye can see, with the green color of the leaves and the sweet pink color of the flowers, the elegant yellow color of the pistil... creating a beautiful countryside picture that is not easy to see. What can be found in urban areas? In the lotus field, people scattered a number of leaf huts for tourists to see the flowers, rest, and eat. Connecting the huts is a wooden walkway, both rustic and in harmony with the natural landscape. Visitors can move deep into the lotus fields on a small dinghy that glides slowly across the water, immersing themselves in the cool breeze and the fragrant lotus scent, making the worries and sorrows of life disappear. Ordinary life seems to disappear. The lotus here is very unique, the flowers start blooming early in the morning and are white, at noon they turn pink, at about 3pm they turn dark pink and turn red when the sun goes down. Repeat this for 3 days until the flower turns dark purple and then withers. Coming here, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy local specialties in which the presence of lotus is indispensable, such as grilled snakehead fish rolled in young lotus leaves, lotus root chicken salad, lotus sticky rice, lotus sweet soup, and lotus milk. and lotus tea too. In the afternoon, flocks of birds flock together to their nests, forming dense black dots against the blue sky, creating a very peaceful scene. Saying goodbye to Thap Muoi lotus field is a feeling of attachment in the traveler's heart, bringing positive energy to continue pursuing the wishes, ambitions and journey ahead.


Tram Chim National Park



Dong Thap is a Western province, famous for many beautiful landscapes, blessed by nature with two basins of the Tien and Hau rivers that welcome flood waters carrying heavy sediment from the Mekong flowing from Cambodia. Here you will admire the vast lotus fields, Cao Lanh mango gardens, Lai Vung tangerine gardens full of fruit and even the brilliant Sa Dec flower gardens blooming on the Sa Giang river and you cannot miss them. Tram Chim National Park tourist area. Located in the middle of the flooded lowlands of the ancient Dong Thap Muoi region, Tram Chim National Park is a place known as miniature Dong Thap Muoi with its beautiful pristine ecological landscape. In 1991, Tram Chim became Tram Chim Nature Reserve (provincial level), to preserve the red-crowned crane - a rare bird that needs to be preserved in our country and hundreds of other types of storks. In 1994, this place became a National Nature Reserve, with an area of ​​7,500 hectares, and in 1998 it became Tram Chim National Park. On May 22, 2012, Tram Chim National Park was recognized by the Ramsar Convention Secretariat as a Ramsar site in the world. This is Vietnam's 4th Ramsar site and the world's 2,000th Ramsar site. Tram Chim has the obligation to preserve the typical wetland ecosystem of the Dong Thap Muoi region, protect migration areas for migratory birds, especially cranes; conserve native flora and fauna species. Tram Chim has a very special ecosystem. This is the habitat of over 100 species of vertebrates, 40 species of fish and 147 species of water birds. Among them, there are 13 rare bird species in the world, especially a species of crane also known as red-headed crane. There are also 130 plant species here, distributed simply as well as interspersed with each other, forming characteristic plant communities. Tourists come here to sit on canoes and admire the beautiful natural scenery in Tram Chim, which is one of the most popular tourist activities. Especially during the flood season, you will be surprised with the constantly changing natural scenery. Just in the lush green cajuput forest, a moment later it turned into a field of bright pink lotus and pure white lotus, the ghost water lily bloomed with pure white petals, purple or pinkish hybrid petals. Along the stream is a bright yellow space with fields of golden yellow flowers. All will make you overwhelmed by the peaceful, pure but no less charming beauty of nature here. The best time for you to visit Tram Chim National Park is from December to early May every year. Coming here, you will be able to witness and follow the life of birds, enjoy the fresh, cool atmosphere, especially during the season of watching the dance of red-crowned cranes. Unlike many bird species in the area, red-crowned cranes only forage on the ground, so during the flood season in Dong Thap Muoi, in the dry season they have to go elsewhere to forage.


Sa Dec flower village



Visitors to the Mekong Delta cannot help but remember Sa Dec flower village, a famous tourist destination of Dong Thap province, located between the Hau and Tien rivers. Legend has it that when Lord Nguyen founded Sa Dec Province, at that time he brought many servants and left them to help teach local people skills such as weaving, baking, making spring rolls, and most of all, growing flowers. Advantage of prime location: Sa Dec is an island surrounded by two rivers, the Tien River and the Hau River, so there is an abundant alluvial source, fresh climate, favorable nature, and interlaced canals. create a waterway transportation network. Flowers from Sa Dec go throughout the Southern Delta such as Vinh Long, An Giang, Ha Tien, Kien Giang... On the contrary, flowers from other places also gather in Sa Dec such as Cai Mon, Lach, Thanh Phu, Ba Tri. That's why diversity has adorned Sa Dec with thousands of colors of flowers. The days of December attract a lot of tourists, because at this time they can see all the simple and colorful beauty of the South, the beauty that goes into people's lives, not pretentious or sophisticated but simply simple. Pots of apricot blossoms, baskets of chrysanthemums and raspberries... are lined up on a trellis reflecting the red river heavy with silt. There were girls with Ba Ba shirts carrying a load of flowers onto the boat. Coming here, visitors will stay right in the middle of the village to see all the goodness and beauty of the land and people here. Here, every family grows flowers, some with a few have a few, others with many have acres. Flowers follow hamlets, canals, paths, and classes, and flowers follow boats in all directions.


Elephant Falls



Elephant Waterfall, also known as Nokrop Waterfall, is located in Dong Nai commune, Bu Dang district, Binh Phuoc province, an unmissable tourist destination that many backpackers "hunt" for in their journey to discover the hidden beauty of the mountains and forests. that nature has given to the people of Binh Phuoc. Coming to Elephant Falls in Binh Phuoc province, tourists immerse themselves in the wonderful Bu Lach grass, admire the majestic natural beauty, and breathe fresh air. To reach Elephant Falls, tourists follow Highway 14 - Ho Chi Minh Road. Minh returned to Di Linh plateau, the road was not simple, full of experiences and heart-stopping challenges when passing through twists and turns. The roads wind around the hillsides to reach the falls. Those who like to explore and adventure can walk through the cool, smooth mountain rocks to admire the panoramic view of the waterfall and rows of cashew trees changing leaves and straight pillars in the surrounding gardens. The rainy season comes, the season of waterfalls, the season of photographers, wandering around in the mountains and forests, so that once they can immerse themselves in the waterfalls, they immerse themselves in the profound wilderness of the great mountains. They returned to the stream and waterfall located deep in the middle of Dai Ngan to hear the birds singing. If you're lucky, you'll see red-cheeked, silver-headed gibbons swinging branches to call the flock, hear the flutes of the S'Tieng people, howls calling you to the fields.... We invite tourists to once return to East Truong Son to If you are satisfied in front of the waterfalls, then you will soften your heart and know how to love more, be more selective and bring with you both dreams and aspirations to conquer other interesting destinations on this beloved S-shaped land. /.


Ho Coc Beach



Nature has blessed Vung Tau with many attractive beaches, the most famous of which is Ho Coc beach, which is known as paradise in the heart of Vung Tau. Ho Coc Beach is located in Hung Bien commune, Xuyen Moc district, Ba Ria - Vung Tau province. Distance from city. 175km from Ho Chi Minh City, this place has become an ideal tourist resort for tourists in the city. Ho Chi Minh and southern provinces. The beauty of Ho Coc comes from its pristine beaches with clear blue water and smooth white sand. The beach is surrounded by cool, shady rows of casuarinas and poplars. A special feature of Ho Coc beach is the rocks with many different shapes scattered, from gentle sand dunes to immersed in clear sea water. Sitting on the beach, listening to the clear sound of ocean waves hitting the rocky shore and enjoying the cool steam radiating out is certainly an unforgettable memory for visitors. Not far from Ho Coc beach is a primeval forest, famous for young people because of its beautiful photography angles that are not inferior to film studios. In the forest, there are some places where water stagnates to form natural saltwater lakes, both unique and poetic. Ho Coc beach tourist area is chosen by many tourists for short vacations, weekends or organizing teambuilding, festivals, camping... When traveling to Ho Coc beach, visitors can also combine visits to many attractions. such as Binh Chau hot spring, Suoi Nghe sheep field, Phuoc Hai seafood market...


Thung Nai

Thung Nai is a lake commune on the Da River in Cao Phong district, Hoa Binh province, located about 25 km from the center of Hoa Binh city. With its amazing beauty, Thung Nai is loved by many domestic and foreign tourists as "Ha Long Bay in the mountains". Thanks to Hoa Binh's unique limestone mountain system, when flooded, Thung Nai is like a mountain. Ha Long in miniature.

In Thung Nai, there are many places to visit and explore such as Mu village, Hoa Binh hydroelectric lake bed, Ba Chua Thac Bo temple, floating market, Trach cave, Thac Bo cave... The landscape in Thung Nai is beautiful and wild. with rocky islands on the lake or dense forests. In addition to learning about the unique cultural features of local people, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy delicious dishes such as smoked Da River lake fish, Muong pig,... Thung Lai is an interesting destination for many people. tourists from near and far. Coming to Thung Nai, when sitting on a small boat weaving among the rocky islands, we will feel even more proud of the poetic beauty of the S-shaped strip of land. Not only is it beautiful in the high water season, but in the dry season, Thuong Nai also wears She has an extremely unique and different beauty that moves people's hearts, making anyone feel enchanted by that poetic, graceful beauty. Coming here to travel on the weekends, you will feel your soul filled with sweet emotions and leave behind the noisy fatigue of the bustling city life.


Vam Sat Ecotourism Area






Mai Chau Valley

Mai Chau Valley is a place in Hoa Binh province, only 140 km northwest of Hanoi. Mai Chau is beautiful, it is a vivid picture of life in the mountains created by many factors. At any time you come to Mai Chau valley, you will feel the taste of life here. It is the peace and clarity of the living space, the enchantingly beautiful scenery of mountains, houses, people and the overall picture of the entire colorful valley.

At any time, Mai Chau is captivated by the inherent natural flavors of fields, forests, houses and hospitable people. The weather is cool all year round, so when coming here, everyone feels relieved, relaxed and as if all the worries of life are dispelled. Standing on Dragon Head Mountain and looking at the whole Mai Chau valley is incomparable. At high altitude, you will feel the majestic beauty of the mountains winding around the valley, admiring the whole valley as beautiful as a colorful painting. There is the green and yellow color of the rice mats, the pink color of the houses, the green color of the trees and leaves... Especially, in the early morning, the whole valley hovers in the mist, making the space and weather become more beautiful. Mild. In the afternoon, mountain clouds hover in the air, crossing the mountains and swooping down into the valley, making the space become magical and poetic. In particular, in Mai Chau, Ban Lac tourist area is famous for its attractive and convenient homestay service. Here, visitors will stay in lovely stilt houses with full amenities and services. Security here is absolutely safe, families don't have to lock their doors most nights, the food services are delicious and the prices are very reasonable.


Nam Cat Tien National Park



Nam Cat Tien Forest is known as a famous wildlife reserve. With many activities such as cycling, trekking, boating, exploring the lives of ethnic minorities... this place has become an attractive destination. , ideal for weekends. Nam Cat Tien National Park is located in 3 provinces: Dong Nai, Lam Dong, Binh Phuoc, 150 km from Ho Chi Minh City. Characterized by tropical humid forests, the ecosystem here is extremely rich, the terrain is diverse with vast primeval forests and unique ancient trees. Trees account for more than 50% of the area of ​​Nam Cat Tien forest, 40% is bamboo forest and the remaining 10% is farms. Nam Cat Tien forest is the habitat of many animals such as moon bears, sun bears, gaur, elephants, black-shanked doucs, roe deer... Birds such as white-winged mallards, black eagles, great hornbills ... This is also the home of more than 40 species listed in the World Red Book, the most special of which is the one-horned rhinoceros. The best time to explore Nam Cat Tien forest is from December to May of the following year, at this time there is little rain, the forest is dry and convenient for moving. Visiting Nam Cat Tien forest, visitors can participate in many activities such as cycling through the forest, exploring wildlife at night, watching sunrise and sunset, kayaking... And don't forget to enjoy Many famous specialties such as snakehead fish (grilled fish, fish soup, braised fish), water hyacinth soup, river fish hotpot, wild vegetables... During the process of exploring Nam Cat Tien forest, visitors should pay attention to following the correct regulations. regulations of the National Park Management Board such as not affecting wildlife life, disposing of trash in the right place and preserving a clean, green ecological environment.


The house exhibits Thai cultural artifacts and antiques

Besides the very typical community tourism villages such as Lac village, Pom Coong village,... Mai Chau is also known for its Thai cultural artifacts and antiques display house. This is one of the few places that preserves the traditional culture of the Thai ethnic people, Hoa Binh province.

The exhibition house of Thai cultural artifacts and antiques is located in Chieng Chau commune, Mai Chau. Mr. Kieu Van Kien - the founder of the museum is from the Kinh ethnic group. He came to the romantic land of Mai Chau to get married and settle down here. Currently, the gallery has over 1,000 artifacts collected by Mr. Kien from all over the country. Among them, the rarest include more than 10 Thai books, especially 3 genealogy books of the Thai family over 200 years ago. From Hanoi, visitors travel by car or personal motorbike a distance of 140km to Mai Chau town first. From the center of Mai Chau town, visitors ask people for directions and travel another 4km to reach the exhibition house. Thai cultural artifacts. The road to get here is very close, easy and convenient, so visitors don't have to worry too much. You can visit the house displaying Thai cultural antiques at any time of the year whenever you have the opportunity to visit Mai. Chau. However, the most appropriate time to combine visiting these places is spring and autumn. In the spring, visitors will experience unique cultures and in the fall, visitors can hunt for beautiful photos of the beautiful beaches. Golden steps Coming here, tourists often visit and admire artifacts of cultural value in the daily life of Thai people such as dishes, teapots, household utensils, Thai books, and family genealogies. Thai people over 200 years ago. Besides, visitors also have the opportunity to listen to the touching love story of the homeowner himself with his deceased Thai wife.


Lung Van

Lung Van is a famous landmark of one of the four largest and most ancient cultural cradles in Muong Hoa Binh (Muong Bi, Muong Vang, Muong Thang, Muong Dong). Lung Van is considered the roof of Muong because of its natural scenery. Beautiful, majestic nature and intact many traditional living features of the Muong people.

Lung Van is located about 40 km from Hoa Binh city center. Although located deep inside the Hoa Binh - Moc Chau road, the road is extremely dangerous with 13 km long steep uphill passes, but Lung Van has a strange appeal with magical clouds like a land of mountains. fairyland. Lung Van is located at an altitude of 1,200m above sea level, covered with clouds all year round, and surrounded by Trau mountain, Po mountain, Tien mountain, so it is also known as Thung May. The thin clouds keep flying as if flirting with the traveler. The cool air surrounded by the mountain makes the hazy layer of clouds even more unreal. Coming to Lung Van, visitors can visit, stay overnight at the stilt houses of the Muong people, do daily work with the people or participate in community cultural activities... In Lung Van there is a single market, located right in the center. commune center, meeting once a week on Tuesdays, visitors can come here to learn about the cultural beauty of the Muong ethnic group.


Long Lanh Pass



Long Lanh Pass is also known by names such as Omega Pass, Hon Giao Pass, Bidoup... in Lac Duong district, Lam Dong province. With its rare natural beauty and breathtaking mountain pass, Long Lanh Pass has become one of the favorite destinations for tourists, especially those who love to explore. The road leading to Long Lanh Pass is winding paths between two rows of tall pine trees that radiate cool green shade. When the pine forests gradually thin out, the entire Long Lanh pass appears before visitors' eyes like a beautiful natural picture. Long Lanh Pass has a length of over 30km and many twists and turns, but thanks to the new, flat road surface with a moderate incline, this place has become a gentle route for tourists when coming from Nha Trang (Khanh Hoa). Da Lat (Lam Dong). When arriving at the top of the pass at an altitude of 1,700m, visitors cannot help but be overwhelmed by the majestic and poetic beauty of Long Lanh Pass. The winding roads are like soft silk strips crossing the endless mountain space, the rays of sunlight are penetrating the floating mist, creating a magical and sparkling scene. If Mimosa Pass impresses tourists with the yellow color of the Mimosa flower, Song Pha Pass - which connects Phan Rang (Ninh Thuan) with Da Lat (Lam Dong) is hidden under rows of ancient trees, then Long Lanh Pass is exactly like that. name, both brilliant in the morning sun and gentle and warm, ready to welcome the conquering footsteps of tourists coming to the "city of flowers".


Dambri Waterfall



Coming to Lam Dong, visitors will not only be able to immerse themselves in the poetic space of colorful flower beds or ripe strawberry gardens, but also experience the exciting feeling of conquering Dambri waterfall - a tall and mighty waterfall. The greatest in the land of thousands. Dambri Waterfall is located in the Dambri eco-tourism complex, about 18km from Bao Loc city center, Lam Dong province. In the cool air of the plateau, the waterfall with a height of more than 60m falls day and night, creating tiny white foam and bringing a misty, poetic color. Also because of this characteristic, on beautiful sunny days, visitors have the opportunity to admire shimmering rainbow stripes on the water surface. There are currently two options for visitors to get to the waterfall: walk up the stairs or take the elevator. From inside the elevator, visitors can take in the entire view of the majestic and lively Dambri waterfall with rushing water streams creating a scene like a fairyland. Or for tourists who love adventure, conquering the stairs designed to lean against a gentle slope will be an exciting and unforgettable experience. On this walkway, visitors can also stop to visit Buddha Ba cave, rest in wooden huts and breathe in the fresh air with the smell of grass and trees. The majestic scenery of the great forest is also adorned by an ecological complex of nearly 1,000 hectares with diverse and rich flora and fauna. The primeval forest here possesses hundreds of precious wood species such as starwood, eucalyptus, incense... and colorful flowers blooming all year round. What could be more wonderful than on hot summer days, immersing yourself in cool nature, walking across an old bridge covered with green moss, listening to the clear sound of the vast forest and admiring the majestic beauty? , just poetic of Dambri waterfall!


Thien Long Cave

Thien Long Cave is also one of the attractive tourist destinations not to be missed when coming to Hoa Binh. The cave is located in a complex of relics in Yen Thuy district including one main cave (main palace) and two small cave niches (left palace and right palace).

Going deep into the cave, you will see a stone shelf, tilt up and you will see countless stalactites creating layers that look soft like cloud stairs, the stalactites hanging down look like curtains. definitely. When we get closer, the curtain opens, we see a very different world. These strange stalactites are like the embodiment of the vibrant, wild life millions of years ago and captivate people's hearts as if wanting to hold the footsteps of countless tourists coming here. Nature has created and endowed Thien Long cave with strange stalactites as the embodiment of vibrant, wild life millions of years ago. The masterpieces of nature captivate people's hearts as if wanting to hold tourists' footsteps.


Hydrangea Field



Stretching over a large area, Da Lat hydrangea garden (Lam Dong province) is becoming a new and attractive destination attracting a large number of tourists to visit and check-in in the "city of flowers". . From hydrangea gardens planted for harvest, after many tourists came to visit, many gardeners expanded the scale and built this place into a location for filming, taking photos... In Da Lat city There are many hydrangea gardens, of which the largest hydrangea garden is located in Xuan Tho commune, about 15km from the city center. Located among the towering pine hills, the hydrangea garden here has an area of ​​more than 2,000 m2 planted in concentrated beds stretching to the foot of the hill. After more than 3 months of careful care, the colorful hydrangeas began to bloom, become full and create a picture full of life. Due to its suitability for soil and climate conditions, the hydrangeas here have strong, lush stems and leaves, and flowers with a diameter of 35 - 40cm. A characteristic feature of hydrangeas is their ability to continuously change color during a blooming cycle, from pure white to cool blue, or from sweet pink to dreamy purple. Not only does it have a charming beauty, hydrangea also has a noble meaning of gratitude and sincere emotions. Walking among the poetic hydrangea flower beds, feeling the cool fresh air and taking commemorative photos with friends and relatives will be interesting experiences that visitors should not miss on their journey. Explore the city of flowers.


Hoa Tien Cave

Hoa Tien cave relic is located in the heart of the limestone mountain range, Mount Ba, Ngoi hamlet, Suoi Hoa commune, Tan Lac district, Hoa Binh province. About 1km east of where the relic is located, there is a large, clear lake that people in the area call the fairy bathing lake.

From the foot of the mountain, you follow the stone steps about 100m to the first cave entrance, the cave arch is 20m high, about 50m wide, with countless large and small stalactites. There is a giant stalactite "growing" from below like a Buddha sitting on a lotus throne, and there are also groups of smaller Buddha statues undulating next to it. Going deeper on the left side are clear, calm lakes. The soft stalactites fall down the ladder beautifully and when tapped on it, the surrounding space resonates like a whole world of sounds with the sounds of gongs and gongs from the early days of the wilderness. Next to the lake, a whole strip of lovely, smooth, colorful pebbles spreads all the way to the cave wall. After about two hours of enjoying the cave, you will come back out another way and when you sit on the boat down to Hoa Binh town, admiring the poetic lakeside scenery, you will still feel nostalgic forever. a magical Hoa Tien cave.


Silver Stone Cave

Located in the heart of Coc Mountain (Da Bac hamlet, Lien Son commune, Luong Son district, Hoa Binh province), Da Bac cave has an amazing beauty, attracting a large number of tourists.

From the city center. From Hanoi, follow Highway 6 about 33km west to Xuan Mai town (Quoc Oai district) and then follow Highway 21 about 5km south, visitors will reach Coc Mountain. Da Bac Cave was discovered by a local person in 1990. With a length of nearly 70m, the widest place is 22m, the highest place is 15m, Da Bac cave includes 3 small caves: Co Tien cave, Long Tien cave and Mau cave. Qua At the main cave entrance (about 1m wide, 2m high), visitors walk up a few stone steps to reach Co Tien cave. This place has interestingly shaped stone blocks such as toads, turtles, terraced fields... and strips of stalactites hanging down from the ceiling like stone curtains. When gently tapped with your hand, the stalactites will emit a sound that sounds like a gong. In particular, there is a small lake here formed by water seeping and flowing down from the cave ceiling over many years. Near the lake there is an altar to worship the Toad statue. Through Co Tien cave, visitors will come to Long Tien cave - where there is a population of stalactites built to look like a castle. Sunlight can shine into Long Tien cave thanks to a small opening above the ceiling. The innermost Mother Cave has stalactites shaped like fairies, next to Thach Sanh sitting under a banyan tree, opposite is Thanh Giong riding an iron horse, holding an ivory bamboo tree flying into the sky... There is a tower here. Stores 7 antiques donated by people. A unique feature of Da Bac cave is the Udumbara flowers with tiny white thread-like petals that once bloomed on the cave walls. At each end of the flower there seems to be a small glowing pearl. This is considered a sacred flower that brings good omens. With its unique beauty, Da Bac Cave has contributed to enriching the tourist destination system in Hoa Binh.


Historical site of Money Printing Factory

With traditional historical value, it is the first money printing factory of the Vietnamese Revolutionary Government - the place where Uncle Ho visited twice, and is recognized as a national historical relic, a printing factory relic area. Phu Nghia commune (Lac Thuy) has been and is a point not to be missed in the series of trips to visit and experience the heroic land of Lac Thuy, especially at the beginning of the year.

The first money printing factory of the Vietnamese revolutionary government (1946 - 1947) was chosen by the Government, Ministry of Finance and President Ho Chi Minh to be located at Chi Ne Plantation, now in Phu Nghia commune. This relic area was ranked as a national relic by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism according to Decision No. 03/2007/QD-BVHTTDL dated August 27, 2007. In May 2019, the Memorial House for Meritorious People and Officers and Workers of Tien Printing Factory at Chi Ne Plantation, Lac Thuy District was officially inaugurated, truly an honor and pride for the officers. and the people of the province and the Finance sector nationwide, remember the great contributions of President Ho Chi Minh, the family of bourgeois Do Dinh Thien and those who contributed to the revolution in the early stages of laying the foundation for building Build the national finance sector. It was here that the 100 dong Vietnamese banknote, also known as the "green buffalo" banknote, was born, carrying an extremely important historical mission, contributing to the currency struggle with the enemy to protect independence. establish the nation and become a weapon of struggle on the economic - financial - monetary front. With its strategic location, Chi Ne plantation was twice honored to welcome Uncle Ho to visit, work and stay. During his visit to Lac Thuy, Uncle Ho advised: "This is our printing house, you must take care of it carefully, you must compete with each other to work to print a lot of money for the whole country to spend on the resistance war to save the country. Officials and workers in the factory must unite in love, help each other progress, and must pay close attention to preserving and saving the people's money." Up to now, at the Chi Ne plantation treasury, the temple The house of Mr. Do Dinh Thien's family, where Uncle Ho stayed on February 21, 1947 and the cellar he lived in was protected and kept intact, becoming a tourist destination for domestic and foreign tourists. , Lac Thuy district focuses on preserving and promoting the value of relics. This is a red address to educate revolutionary traditions for today's young generation. For people and tourists from all over to come and burn incense to pay tribute and commemorate remember the great contributions of President Ho Chi Minh, the heroes, martyrs, and people with contributions to the revolution. At the beginning of the year, many tourists come to the money printing factory to buy souvenir "green buffalo" bills. " with the wish for a year of wealth, fortune, and success. Currently, along with the district's tourist attractions and money printing factory, Chi Ne Plantation connects with relics and scenic spots of other provinces. creating a cultural, historical, spiritual, and resort tour between Perfume Pagoda, Hanoi City, Tam Truc Pagoda, Ha Nam Province, Van Long tourist area, Ninh Binh Province...


White Rock Pass

White Rock Pass, also known by another name, Thung Khe Pass, is a location on Highway 6 connecting Mai Chau and Tan Lac (Hoa Binh). Recently, this pass was a check-in point that attracted the attention of many backpackers.

The special thing that makes Da Trang Pass attractive is that all the rocks here are white due to the limestone slabs falling down, making many people imagine that this is snow. White rocks everywhere and tall white peaks connecting the clouds and sky make anyone who comes here feel like standing in the cold winter of some distant European country. On Da Trang Pass, one day you can experience all 4 seasons of the year. In the morning the sky is clear, in the afternoon it is clear blue, the sun is bright, in the afternoon it is mildly sunny, and in the evening a blanket of fog spreads across the road, causing vehicles passing through the pass to be very careful. Although not as famous as the passes in the northern region, once stopping at Da Trang Pass, any tourist must be impressed with it because the pass curves through the mountainsides with green valleys. hidden and hidden peaceful villages. At an altitude of more than 1,000m above sea level, when standing at Da Trang Pass, visitors can see the small and green panoramic view of Mai Chau from above. Another special feature that makes many people want to stop at Da Trang Pass is the small market opened right on the pass. There are just simple shops selling local products such as sticky corn, bamboo rice, stone moss, wild vegetables, mustard greens, and some ethnic medicinal herbs, but that is enough to attract tourists to visit. .


Muong Cultural Space Museum

Museum "Muong Cultural Space" is a work of art. Originating from the deep inspiration of a young artist with the desire to recreate the entire living space of the Muong people.

After 10 years of collecting and nearly 1 year of construction. On December 16, 2007, the Museum of "Muong Cultural Space" was opened by National Assembly Chairman Nguyen Phu Trong and officially went into operation. The museum is located on a hillside in a small limestone valley, Narrow with an area of ​​5 hectares. 80km west of Hanoi, 7km from Hoa Binh city center towards Son La (located on a new road called Tay Tien Road). Muong Cultural Museum is located on a hill in a small, narrow limestone valley with an area of ​​5 hectares, 7 km from Hoa Binh city center. With an area of ​​more than 2 hectares, the Muong Cultural Space Museum demonstrates the characteristics of Muong culture - an ethnic group with a rich cultural tradition in the great family of Vietnamese ethnic groups. Right from the entrance gate, visitors will encounter water paddles, reminiscent of rice farming techniques, located right next to the traditional stilt houses of the Muong people. Coming to the Muong cultural space, in addition to discovering the cultural and architectural features of the Muong people, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy dishes with strong Muong characteristics right here.


Ba Khan

Ba Khan is a newly discovered destination in Hoa Binh province, suitable for all tourists to visit, excursion, and picnic on hot summer days. Ba Khan is a commune in Mai Chau district, Hoa Binh province, located right at the foot of Thung Khe pass, cloudy and foggy all year round. With its charming, undulating mountain landscape, Ba Khan is likened to Ha Long Bay on land.

Ba Khan is an (old) commune, now Son Thuy commune, Mai Chau district, Hoa Binh province, located right at the foot of Khe valley pass, cloudy and foggy all year round. With its charming, undulating mountain landscape, Ba Khan is likened to Ha Long Bay on land. Early in the morning, Ba Khan becomes magical with clouds covering the valleys, weaving in and out of the rolling hills and mountains. Giving witnesses the feeling that the scene is as beautiful as a fairyland. The roads are zigzag and winding along the mountainside with limestone mountains on one side and Da River lake bed on the other. On days when the weather is nice, clouds, sky, and water create a charming and poetic scene that attracts visitors. Along the road along the Da River lake bed are large and small, undulating rocks, creating highlights for young people to freely take photos and record memorable moments of the trip. And it seems that even The surface of the lake had no ripples and was almost calm, with only a few boats gliding lightly and absentmindedly on the surface of the lake. As a vast, flat land lying precariously between the rocky mountains and the bed of Song Da lake, Ba Khan possesses a magical beauty of clouds and water with frames enough to captivate anyone. Your weekend vacation will be even better if you combine a visit to Ba Khan with a vacation in the neighboring town of Mai Chau.


Truc Lam Zen Monastery, Hau Giang

Truc Lam Hau Giang Zen Monastery, located at Vinh Tuong intersection, Binh Tan area, Vinh Tuong ward, Long My town, Hau Giang province. Truc Lam Hau Giang Zen Monastery is a place to practice according to the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect, a spiritual fulcrum for monks, nuns, Buddhists and people in the region.

Truc Lam Hau Giang Zen Monastery will be a place of practice and religious activities for more than 250 dignitaries, monks and nuns, the main living place of the Executive Board of the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha in Hau Giang province and a highlight of cultural tourism. spirituality for tourists from all over to admire. The entire structure has a tiled roof, ironwood column frames, brick walls, floors and walkways are tiled with Chinese tiles. According to the design, in addition to the main hall, the monastery also has the following items: the Patriarch's house, the bell tower, the drum tower, the three-entrance gate, the rest house, the open-air statue of Guan Yin, the shrine to Mother Au Co, the lecture hall, Temple, abbot's house, guest house, library, Sangha, Nunnery... Entering the Zen monastery's campus, visitors will feel the spacious, airy, dignified space with bright brick and tile colors. a space. From the main gate, stepping inside, the first image you see is a large pond, inside there are lotus plants with lotus flowers blooming brilliantly, enhancing the peaceful beauty of the Zen monastery. Inside the main hall, the floor is lined with red tiles, all wooden columns are solemnly placed on canopies of cloud-gray stone, carved with stylized lotus shapes. With the architectural style of feudal Vietnamese dynasties. , Truc Lam Zen Monastery gives people a very peaceful feeling. This place is attracting and holding back tourists when coming to Hau Giang.


Vi Thuy Melaleuca Forest - Viet Uc Ecotourism Area

Vi Thuy Melaleuca Forest is one of the most prominent destinations in Hau Giang in particular and the Western region in general. Vi Thuy Melaleuca Forest eco-tourism area is located in Vinh Tuong commune, Vi Thuy district, Hau Giang province, about 9 km southeast of Vi Thanh city, with an area of ​​about 145 hectares.

Vi Thuy cajuput forest is considered to have the most unique freshwater wetland ecosystem in the Mekong Delta along with Lung Ngoc Hoang nature reserve. This place was once managed by Red Flag Farm. In 2007, it was handed over to Viet-Uc Co., Ltd. to invest in building an attractive eco-tourism area, so the name Viet-Uc eco-tourism area came from then. The highlight of Viet Uc eco-tourism area is the 10-hectare natural bird garden with birds and storks typical of the Western river region such as buffalo storks, ivory storks, cauldrons, teal, gongs, and mallards; a wild animal area with wild boars, pythons, and bees for honey; The canals are stocked with many types of fish such as snakehead fish, catfish, tilapia, tilapia... This is a source of fish for visitors to experience fishing activities, set sails, hide, set nets as well as enjoy fishing activities. fish that live in the natural environment. Vi Thuy Melaleuca Forest is not simply a tourist attraction but also contains the cultural beauty of the people and rivers of the Mekong Delta. Traveling to Hau Giang, here you will be able to sit on a boat down the canals under the deep green trees in the forest and admire the surrounding scenery. In that quiet space, flocks of chirping birds fly around as if inviting visitors. The appropriate time to travel to Vi Thuy cajuput forest is early morning or late afternoon because at this time you will encounter more birds as they prepare to forage and fly back to their nests. In particular, during the season, there are all kinds of birds coming to nest here. If you are luckier, you will encounter many rare bird species on the red list. At Viet Uc Hau Giang eco-tourism area, visitors have many types of accommodation to choose from, including high-end resorts, stilt houses made of wood, coconut leaf roofs or staying in rooms on cruise ships. moving along canals and ditches. Currently, the tourist area has completed landscape renovation, fruit gardens, fish and wildlife farming. A number of functional areas are being built such as: Operating and management area; Resort; Freshwater aquaculture area combined with support services: Dining, fishing, roofing, boat trips, etc. Once completed, Vi Thuy Melaleuca Melaleuca forest ecological area will be an ideal tourist destination in Hau Giang for tourists. domestic and foreign customers. At the same time, create more jobs for people in Vi Thuy district and neighboring localities. This is also the largest tourism investment project ever in Hau Giang province, creating momentum to develop the province's potential for eco-tourism, river and garden tourism. next time.


Vi Thuy betel village

Vietnamese people are familiar with the saying "The betel is the beginning of the story". Even in people's lives, betel and areca nuts have entered into stories and poetry, and have been closely associated with rural life in the most intimate and loving way. That rustic beauty is still preserved in Vi Thuy betel village and has been passed down for many generations.

Vi Thuy betel village is considered the only remaining betel leaf farming village in the Mekong Delta. Vi Thuy betel village is located in Vi Thuy commune, Vi Thuy district, Hau Giang province. This profession has been closely associated with the people for a long time and has become a characteristic feature every time Vi Thuy commune is mentioned. Currently, Vi Thuy district has nearly 40 hectares of betel, of which Vi Thuy commune is considered the "Kingdom of betel leaves" with nearly 200 betel gardens with an area of ​​about 32 hectares. Only in the freshwater region of Vi Thuy along the Hau River is the betel plant grown to be rich in flavor, delicious to eat, plumping the lips and reddening the mouth. Having the opportunity to come here, everyone is impressed by the betel gardens with hundreds, thousands of straight betel stingers, lush green leaves with a hint of shiny gold, looking so beautiful. Vi Thuy betel is a golden betel with a spicy flavor that is loved by many people. After 3-4 months of sowing, the betel vines will begin to produce leaves, picked once every half a month. Normally, traders come to your home to buy betel and transport it to other places to deliver to customers in the Western provinces. To get a betel box (40 leaves), the grower must go through many stages: buying cuttings, choosing a tree to make betel, opening a ditch, planting roots, watering, picking betel and then arranging them into a box called a betel tureen. Arrange the betel leaves into dozens (sometimes 10, sometimes 16 or 20...depending on the place), then arrange them into hundreds and then thousands before handing them over to the trader. Talking about planting methods, Ms. Nguyen Thi Nam, a betel garden owner, said: whenever you see a fat, healthy betel shoot, you pull it and bury it in the loose soil of the betel bed. After a short time, when the betel vines take root, they are extracted and placed on a new stake. Betel is easy to grow, grows very quickly and requires little care. Because it is a leaf-producing type, if there is enough fertilizer and water, betel will be harvested after 3-4 months. In particular, betel nuts prefer green (organic) fertilizers of natural origin, not chemical fertilizers. Using traditional fertilizer (green manure), the betel leaves are slender and have a shiny green color slightly tinged with yellow, which looks more beautiful. Betel growers say that the betel venom must be equal to that of Melaleuca trees, because Melaleuca bark sticks very firmly to the tree trunk, creating conditions for the roots of the betel vines to adhere and grow well. People often harvest betel in the early morning. When it's time to pick the betel, the betel picker will choose the betel leaves that are shiny and just ripe to golden yellow. The remaining leaves will be picked in the next batch about 10 days after the previous batch. Growers also have to build a trellis to pick leaves from high above. When the tops go beyond the trellis, cut them off... Vi Thuy betel is both a traditional cultural feature and serves the needs of many people in daily life and during holidays, weddings... In addition to eating and making offerings during holidays, betel is also a type of betel. medicinal herbs are researched to extract essential oils for application in pharmaceutical and cosmetic production. Recently, Vi Thuy betel nuts are also exported to some Asian countries, bringing significant profits to betel growers. Nowadays, very few people still eat betel, so the image of areca trees and betel vines has gradually faded. But in Vi Thuy betel village, there are still cool, golden betel gardens that captivate visitors.


Tam Vu eco-tourism area

Located in Tan Phu Thanh commune, Chau Thanh A district, Hau Giang, Tam Vu eco-tourism area has local cultural and traditional identities, many groups of rare animals and an ecosystem of edible plants. Rich tropical fruit. This is also the ancient Tam Vu revolutionary relic site.

In the vast space of the lotus pond and ornamental gardens, fruit gardens and mangrove forests, you will feel the quiet and cool space of this place. Here, you can enjoy a series of entertainment services such as yachting, fishing, walking in the fresh air, listening to amateur music, visiting monkey island... In addition, go to the eco-tourism area At Tam Vu, you also have the opportunity to learn about the nation's history by the monuments and walls engraved with images of the historical battle of Tam Vu in the past.


Provincial Party Committee base area (Ba Bai base)

During the 1975 spring general offensive and uprising campaign of the entire South, comrades in the Provincial Party Executive Committee also from here followed the attacks to Can Tho, Vi Thanh and other key points of " Tactical Region IV", captured Tra Noc airport, Can Tho provincial governor's palace. At 11:30 a.m. on April 30, 1975, the first voice of the revolutionary People's Committee was broadcast on Can Tho radio station.

The relic area includes: the hall, where important conferences of the Can Tho Provincial Party Committee took place, 151m wide, made from the main materials: cajuput, mangrove, cassava and tamanu... Inside the hall The school is the office of the Standing Committee and the Secretary. Since 1980, this house has been used to display relic artifacts. In addition, there are dozens of camps of affiliated agencies, but currently they cannot be maintained because the construction materials are temporary and are quickly destroyed. In 1986, Can Tho province (formerly) restored the relic site. All columns of the hall and two artillery shelters are cast from reinforced concrete, but the shape, color and specifications are exactly the same as before.


Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Reserve

Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Reserve is located in Phung Hiep district, Hau Giang province, about 40km from Vi Thanh city. With a total area of ​​over 2,800 hectares stretching from the west of the Hau River to the U Minh region, not only is it known as the "green lung" of the Mekong Delta, Lung Ngoc Hoang is also a place to preserve unique biodiversity. The most unique in the country today.

In the local language, "lung" is a wild, swampy land. Lung Ngoc Hoang roughly translates as "God's flooded lowland". According to folk legend, in the past, there were many herds of elephants (statues) moving and looking for food from one place to another. The herds of elephants caused land subsidence and landslides, forming valleys, pools, ditches, ponds, etc. creek. From time to time, the Jade Emperor descended to earth to visit here, so gradually this lung was named Lung Ngoc Hoang! Lung Ngoc Hoang is a wetland full of wildness and mystery, having existed for a long time. In the past, this place was known as the "dead land", flooded all year round, and weeds grew towering. If you get lost in this area, it is difficult to find the way out, due to the vast terrain and tangled vines, wild and deserted. According to the book "Can Tho Geography" (2003), about 120 years ago, someone came to exploit Lung Ngoc Hoang. Before 1945, there were many landowners who hired people with broken land to farm and exploit fish. Later, due to the war, Lung Ngoc Hoang was abandoned and became a revolutionary base during the two resistance wars against the French and Americans. Previously, this area was assigned to Phuong Ninh Forest Enterprise to invest in planting melaleuca trees, exploiting aquatic resources and protecting the environment. By 2002, Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Reserve was officially established to become the most prominent destination of Hau Giang tourism. This place is known as a wetland and is home to hundreds of rare species of animals and plants, with hundreds of thousands of melaleuca trees growing nearly ten meters high one after another. Researchers said that the Lung Ngoc Hoang nature reserve has over 330 plant species with 224 genera and 92 families. Among these, there are 56 newly discovered species. Lung Ngoc Hoang is a diverse biological area with many flora of different wetland ecosystems. These are species of vines that grow under or on the stems of melaleuca, reeds, reeds, bongs... There are also quite a lot of terrestrial species such as cassava, hairy, mua, gua...etc. Lung Ngoc Hoang also gathers many rare animal species, including species listed in Vietnam and the world's red books such as hairy-nosed otters, turtles, cobras... With a system of rich and wild valleys. Combined with strictly protected Melaleuca forests, Lung Ngoc Hoang is a suitable place for countless species of amphibians, fish and shrimp to live. This place was once considered the fish's navel of the area west of the Hau River. With endemic and rich natural conditions, this nature reserve becomes an ideal destination for those who love eco-tourism and nature exploration. The best time to visit the Melaleuca forest is from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. where you will be able to admire and see many species of birds gathering here to play, dance, and chirp. Then, at 4:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m., you can go up to the 20m high watchtower to watch flocks of birds flying back to their nests. To visit and explore the Melaleuca forest, you have to buy a ticket to rent bamboo sticks (also known as loin shells). Entering Lung Ngoc Hoang, visitors will feel like they are lost in a fairy-tale sky, peaceful and full of wilderness like Lung Sen, Lung Tran, Lung Chuoi Nuoc. Coming to Lung Ngoc Hoang, you will have the opportunity to take a canoe through the cool melaleuca forest, see firsthand the huge cajuput trees, spreading their roots like a unique dress... Visitors will encounter desolate fields as far as the horizon with flocks of teal and white storks fluttering their wings. The deeper you go, the wilder and more poetic the scenery becomes. More interestingly, you can go fishing and be guided in how to draw, cast, catch fish... just like a farmer. From the 21m high observation tower located in the center of Ngoc Hoang lung, visitors can see the panoramic view of the endless melaleuca forest, the surrounding canals... bringing a refreshing feeling when immersed in the green nature. cool, fresh. You can go to the restaurant area with small leaf huts to enjoy delicious and attractive dishes such as: grilled snakehead fish, boiled eel, kitchen duck, boneless fish, famous specialties of Hau Giang. A meal with a strong Western flavor and a very rustic feel amidst the poetic scenery of this forest will surely be an unforgettable experience for visitors. With a rich and diverse system of valleys, fertile alluvial layers, and vast green forests that are strictly protected, Lung Ngoc Hoang has a wild character, impressing those who have ever set foot there. If you want to fully explore the beauty of Lung Ngoc Hoang, please contact MeKong Exploration for advice and support.


Special national historical relic Chuong Thien Victory

Special historical relic Chuong Thien Victory records the ups and downs of Hau Giang province's history during the war with loss and sacrifice for the peace, prosperity and happiness of the people. Chuong Thien Victory Relic has been ranked as a special National Historical Site and has become a destination not to be missed in the Hau Giang tourism itinerary.

Previously, this relic was called the Victory Monument of 75 enemy battalions of the army and people of Zone 9. Currently, the relic is distributed in 2 locations: Ward V (Vi Thanh city) and Vinh Vien commune, Long My district, is where the historical marks of the army and people of Zone 9 are recorded. Chuong Thien is a province established by the Saigon government in 1960, considered an important waterway traffic hub to Can Tho. , Soc Trang, Bac Lieu, U Minh, Rach Gia. The victory of Chuong Thien, defeating 75 enemy battalions in 1973, created the premise for the change of direction of the Southern revolution, leading to the great General Offensive and Spring Uprising of 1975. In Vi Thanh city, Chuong Thien Victory Monument was inaugurated and put into use in 2014, becoming an ideal destination for tourists who want to learn about the heroic struggle of the people of the Southern river region. The relic site has an area of ​​144,000 square meters located in Ward 5, City. Vi Thanh, Hau Giang province with items: artifact display area, outdoor display, monument cluster, ceremony yard and some auxiliary items. The Relic Area has many related artifacts such as more than 100 documentary photos of a number of battles to destroy Cai Nai sub-region, Quang Phong weak area, destroy Roc Dua, Cai Son, Cai Cao stations... 117 artifacts including weapons Weapons, military equipment, tanks, aircraft... have been received and stored at the artifact warehouse of Hau Giang Provincial Museum. Here, in addition to images and artifacts about the war against foreign invaders, this place also displays many important historical milestones in the process of building and developing Hau Giang province. The most prominent is the cluster of monuments depicting 3 armies, 3 spears, and many other typical events of the people's war depicted. Behind the monument is a stylized image of coconut leaves, the symbol of the region. Hau Giang hometown and neighboring provinces. Along with Xa No Bridge, Xa No embankment, Provincial People's Committee Administrative Area, Chuong Thien Victory Monument stands out with its unique architecture, in harmony with the surrounding landscape, very convenient for tourists to visit. On occasions such as New Year's Day, Lunar New Year, Victory April 30, President Ho Chi Minh's Birthday, National Day September 2, Founding Day of the Vietnam People's Army..., at the Chuong Victory Relics Thien is always bustling with people coming to visit, learn about traditional history and remember the great contributions left by previous generations.


Uncle Ho's temple

Uncle Ho's temple was built in 1990 on the northern land, at the intersection of two canals, Long My II and Nam Can, in hamlet 3, Luong Tam commune, Long My district, 21km from Long My town and Can Tho City 78km southwest. Uncle Ho's temple is now located in Luong Tam commune, Long My district, Hau Giang province.

Because it was built on a small scale, the temple cannot accommodate people and tourists from all over the world who come on pilgrimage to visit Uncle Ho during festivals. That's why the Provincial Party Committee and People's Committee of Can Tho province (formerly) expanded Uncle Ho's temple area with a total area of ​​nearly 2 hectares, located 50m from the old temple. The project was completed in 1996 and includes 7 items with national, solemn, and solemn architecture, a place for cultural, sports, and traditional patriotic educational activities for the young generation while creating favorable conditions for the young generation. event so that visitors can better understand the career and life of the revered old father. On January 7, 2000, Uncle Ho's Temple was recognized as a national historical-cultural relic. Every year, on major holidays such as September 2, April 30, May 19, New Year and Lunar New Year, the people of Hau Giang and neighboring provinces gather together to organize pilgrimages. come here.


Aranhut Temple

Located in Long An A hamlet, Cai Tac town, Chau Thanh A district, Aranthut pagoda is determined to be the oldest Khmer pagoda in Hau Giang and one of the oldest Khmer pagodas in the Mekong Delta.

Around 1632, the local Khmer people intended to build a temple to serve as a place for religious beliefs and spiritual activities during festivals. So Aranhut Pagoda "grew" thanks to everyone's consensus. Over the years, Aranhut Pagoda has become the spiritual fulcrum of many generations of Khmer people here. During the years of resistance against the French and Americans, Aranthut Pagoda was once a place to house revolutionary cadres active in the locality. That's why the pagoda was attacked many times by the enemy. The heaviest was in 1968, when the US bombed the main hall area, causing the temple to be almost completely destroyed. Later, Buddhists everywhere donated money to rebuild the temple. After many times of construction and repair, up to now, Aranthut Pagoda is much more spacious than before with 1 main hall, 3 monks, etc., on an area of ​​more than 12,000 square meters. Like many other Khmer pagodas, Aranhut Pagoda has a unique architectural style with carvings and sculptures typical of Southern Khmer pagodas. Today, Aranhut Pagoda continues to become a place of religious activities and beliefs for local and near-far Buddhists. Every Khmer holiday, Khmer people and Kinh people in the hamlet and neighboring hamlets come to the pagoda in large numbers to burn incense and pray for their families to have good luck in life. Taking the opportunity of many Khmer compatriots coming to the pagoda, the pagoda's Board of Directors always tries to propagate the correct policies and guidelines of the Party and State so that people can clearly understand and implement them well.


Ke Ga Lighthouse



Located about 20km south of Phan Thiet city, Ke Ga Lighthouse - the oldest lighthouse in Vietnam with a rich history, unique architecture and poetic landscape, has become an attractive destination not to be missed. tourists on the journey to explore Binh Thuan. Ke Ga Lighthouse was built by the French in 1897 and completed in 1899 with an octagonal architecture made entirely of stone. The lighthouse is 65m high, of which the light tower is 35m high. On the tower is a large 2,000W light bulb, with a scanning radius of 22 nautical miles (equivalent to 40 km). With an "age" of over 100 years, Ke Ga Lighthouse is also known as the oldest lighthouse in Southeast Asia. Following in the footsteps of content creator Fly Around Vietnam, viewed from above, Ke Ga lighthouse has a strong stance, standing out among the vast and poetic sea. Under the hands of mother nature, the island - where the lighthouse was built also possesses hundreds of rocky rapids with rich colors and unique shapes stacked on top of each other, extremely spectacular. The turquoise color of the sea, the yellow color of the marble slabs and the cool green color of the trees on the island create a picture of wild, peaceful and charming nature. If you have the opportunity to visit Ke Ga lighthouse, do not miss the moment of checking in next to the moss-tinged stone steps and on both sides are rows of beautiful porcelain flowers. This is a flower planted by the French since the lighthouse was built, and has now become green and shiny ancient porcelain trees all year round, an ideal resting place for tourists after conquering Ke Ga Cape.


Chu Dang Ya volcano



Chu Dang Ya Mountain is located in Chu Dang Ya commune, Chu Pah district, about 30km northeast of Pleiku city center (Gia Lai province), 20km from Tonle Sap tourist destination. Chu Dang Ya is a volcano that has been inactive for millions of years. The crater is funnel-shaped, about 500m above sea level. Chu Dang Ya volcano is hidden in the middle of the majestic green forest. Coming to Chu Dang Ya, visitors can admire the changes of brilliant colors with each season. In the dry season, Chu Dang Ya volcano is covered with the bright yellow color of tens of thousands of blooming wild sunflowers. In particular, November is the time when hundreds of thousands of wild sunflowers bloom, covering the roads and hills with gold. In recent years, Gia Lai province has organized the Wild Sunflower Festival to promote the image of local tourism to tourists from near and far. The festival has many attractive cultural activities and experiences such as: gong performances, brocade weaving, knitting, sculpting, mountain climbing experiences, paragliding on Chu Dang Ya volcano, agricultural products fair, Cuisine, local specialties... And in the rainy season, Chu Dang Ya is immersed in the red color of canna flowers, flooding around the volcano. The canna plant is also known as the banana plant or the banana plant. The flowers usually bloom from July to October every year. The yellow color of wild sunflowers and the red color of canna flowers are one of the things that attract tourists and photographers from all over to come here to find a peaceful, relaxing space as well as take photos of a lifetime. . Coming to Chu Dang Ya, you will feel peace in your soul, far from the noise of the city. Because Chu Dang Ya covers the pristine natural landscape, with endless green trees boldly depicting the Central Highlands.


T'Nung Lake



T'Nung Lake, also known as Pleiku Lake or Ea Nueng Lake, is a freshwater lake located north of Pleiku city, Gia Lai province. The beauty of the lake is likened to a jade because the lake is deep blue, sparkling in the sunlight like a giant natural jade. Formed from a volcanic crater, the lake has natural and poetic beauty. The entrance to the lake is through a very beautiful and poetic road, on both sides of the road are rows of old pine trees that provide shade on hot summer days. T'Nung Lake is always beautiful at any time of the year, or any season. any point of the day. Early in the morning, when the dew has not yet dissipated, visitors will have the feeling of being lost in a dreamy, magical fairyland. At noon, when the sun rises, it shines on the surface of the lake, giving off sparkling, magical rays of light. As dusk gradually falls, the afternoon sun dyes the lake red, the wind becomes gentler, the lake surface only has light ripples, the scene is extremely peaceful and serene. Around the lake, there are small fishing peaks so visitors can go up to admire the scenery and see the vast T'Nung lake, the water, the waves shimmering in the sunlight. Cycling around the lake is also a very interesting thing to discover the beauty that nature bestows on the Central Highlands. If you want to experience T'Nung Lake to the fullest, sit on a dugout boat and glide across the lake. The boat will take you deeper, weaving into the jungle to see the unique and majestic landscape of the lake in the middle of the mountains. In addition, the lake is also a large fish bowl of the Central Highlands, containing all kinds of freshwater fish, and is also an important freshwater lake supplying water to Pleiku city. T'nung Lake is a masterpiece of nature, the pride of the people of Gia Lai in particular and the Central Highlands in general.


Bien Ho tea



Located on the northern shore of Tonle Sap Lake, it is called Bien Ho Tea because it is a combination of an irrigation lake and vast tea fields. The tea hill here is only about 13 km from Pleiku city, located in Chu Pah district. The natural scenery and air of this area are very fresh. To get to Bien Ho tea, visitors will go through a road with pine trees along both sides of the road. Upon arriving, visitors will be captivated by the bright green color of the immense tea garden in the sunshine, bringing soothing and relaxing emotions to visitors. Coming to Bien Ho at any time of the year is convenient. However, there are two most suitable times to visit the tea hills during the year: at the end of December: at this time wild sunflowers bloom all over the red dirt roads of the Central Highlands; and in February-March every year: this is the time when the coffee hills are in flower season, a white color that will certainly delight visitors. In addition to the green tea hills, a place not to be missed when coming here is Buu Minh Pagoda. Located in the heart of the tea hill, Buu Minh Pagoda has been associated with the tea hill for more than 50 years. The pagoda carries the spirituality of many generations of tea growers and many tea seasons. This place is very peaceful. With a main hall of more than 500m2 and nearly 50m high, Buu Minh Pagoda is the pride of people in the tea hills in particular and Pleiku people in general.


Ngoc Linh Mountain



Ngoc Linh Mountain is a majestic high mountain range stretching across the four provinces of Kon Tum, Quang Nam, Quang Ngai, and Gia Lai. With a height of more than 2,600m above sea level, this is considered the roof of the Central Highlands. From afar, the majestic mountain is covered with fanciful and poetic clouds. Not only possessing a magnificent and breathtaking natural scenery, Ngoc Linh is also the capital of extremely rare ginseng. Ngoc Linh Mountain is located in the Truong Son range with the highest peak being Ngoc Linh peak located in Tu Mo Rong district, Kon Tum province. To climb to the top of the mountain, visitors will have to go through a rather arduous journey lasting about 6 hours. However, visitors will feel surprised and delighted with the layers of forest foliage covering the entire way to the top of the mountain, with wild orchids, and with thousands of pure white azalea flowers along the way. The higher one goes, the colder the air becomes, the clouds covering the foliage create a feeling of excitement for visitors. The moment of standing on the top of the mountain and admiring the entire scenery in this place makes visitors truly overwhelmed by the majestic natural landscape. The old forests covered with green moss are very attractive, perhaps those scenes can be easily seen in movies or fairy tales. If you are planning to visit Kon Tum, try coming here once and experiencing this place, it will definitely be a very interesting and attractive trip for everyone. The best time to conquer this mountain peak is during the dry season, from December to March of the following year. However, Ngoc Linh Mountain is located in a special-use forest that is strictly protected by rangers, so if you want to trek Ngoc Linh Mountain, you need to apply for a permit from the authorities. The road to the top of the mountain is quite difficult, so to ensure safety, visitors should hire a native who is familiar with the terrain to guide them.


Dray Sap Waterfall



Dray Sap Waterfall has a height of about 50m, stretches 100m, and is one of the most beautiful and majestic waterfalls in the Central Highlands. The stream of water rushing down from above into the valley creates clouds of water smoke, making the scene even more hazy and magical. Dray Sap Waterfall is located on the border between Dak Lak and Dak Nong provinces. Dray Sap Waterfall is one of the beautiful waterfalls on the Serepok River. In the Ede language, Dray Sap means "smoke waterfall" because the water flows from above into the valley, creating a large mass of flying mist-colored water spray. Dray Sap Waterfall is a giant wall of water. To reach the foot of the waterfall, visitors go through a long corridor with steps and rows of green trees, a virtual living paradise for many young people with extremely dreamy scenes. Go through the stone corridor to reach the trail leading into the old forest to reach the waterfall. Here, the waterfall rushes into white columns of water from above to the diversely shaped rocks below. Continuing along the small path around the edge of the waterfall and along the undulating cliffs leading to the top of the waterfall, visitors will encounter a lake with clear water, where visitors can rest and cool off. The best time to visit Dray Sap waterfall is at the end of December and around February to March every year. If you come here in December, visitors will be delighted with the yellow color of blooming wild sunflowers mixed with the red color of the Central Highlands dirt roads and the green color of nature and grass. In February to March, visitors will be lost in the poetic scenery when encountering flocks of butterflies fluttering on white-flowered coffee trees. When arriving at Dray Sap waterfall, visitors can also participate in the extremely interesting boating activity to view the Serepok River and visit Dray Nur waterfall not far away.


Ho Ta Dung



Amidst the vast sea of ​​water, the hills stand tall like pearl islands created from basalt red soil, shining in the middle of the lake like a giant mirror. With the peaceful beauty amidst the unique and spacious nature of more than 40 islands with many different shapes undulating softly in the middle of the lake, Ta Dung is compared to "Ha Long Bay" in the middle of the vast Central Highlands. Ta Dung Lake is a mountain freshwater lake located in Ta Dung nature reserve, Dak Nong province. Ta Dung Lake is also known as Dong Nai 3 hydroelectric lake because it is the main water reservoir of this hydroelectric system. Ta Dung Lake has an area of ​​more than 22,000 hectares in the dry season and can reach nearly 50,000 hectares at the end of the rainy season, the average depth is over 20m, the lake is scattered with many large and small islands, lush green trees, Therefore, Ta Dung Lake is likened to a miniature Ha Long Bay in the Central Highlands with wild and poetic natural scenery. The ideal time to visit Ta Dung lake is during the water retention season, from July to December. When the lake water rises and the rain makes the trees on the islands green, making Ta Dung lake at this time like a charming picture of wild and pristine nature. Coming here, you can travel by boat to enjoy the landscape created by countless large and small islands appearing in the middle of a quiet lake like small dragons winding between the mountains and forests and breathe the fresh air. . In the evening you can camp right next to the lake to enjoy the sunrise in Ta Dung. Dawn is the most beautiful natural moment of the day. Visitors will witness a sea of ​​clouds flying in all shapes and sizes, sometimes hovering over the mountains and islands. Clouds are everywhere, making visitors feel like they are lost in a fairyland. At Ta Dung Ecotourism Area, there is also a glass bridge about 50m long for tourists to walk around. There are also countless ideal check-in points with eagle nests, angel wings, stairway to heaven, ornamental flower gardens with many colorful flowers amidst the fresh highland space: velvet roses, wild sunflowers. , mimosa, orchid, hydrangea... During the journey to explore the Southern Central Highlands, coming to Dak Nong, the destination of Ta Dung lake is being loved by tourists because of its majestic landscape, nature still retains its wild and preserved features. passing on old stories about charming mountains and rivers...


Linh Son Vien Giac Tu

Kien Thuy, a spiritual land of outstanding people, a countryside that produces talented people. The heroic countryside has Kim Son, which resisted Japan, and Duong Kinh, the famous Mac Dynasty, with people who were diligent, hard-working, studious and creative in production, gradually bringing life to a more prosperous day. development, prosperity and peace. At the same time, Kien Thuy is also a land rich in spiritual cultural traditions. Many temples were built throughout the villages and communes throughout the district, along with many cultural festivals held here, contributing to enriching the national identity of the homeland and the country.

Since people came to establish villages in the land of Kien Thuy, I don't know when, in the heart of mother earth, there has been a winding Da Do river reaching all the countryside, bringing fresh water to people. Next to that, in the middle of the district center, there stands a mountain carrying within it the legend of the god Do Son, creating an amazing and charming mountain and water beauty. The story is about a girl named Che who fell in love with the god Do Son. Every year on March 10, they meet and then part ways. That year, the god Do Son gave Che two precious stones. She carried the load back home. When she crossed the Da Do River, there was a storm, thunder and lightning, and suddenly the pole broke. She ran home to get another pole. When she came out, two mountains towering against each other appeared before her eyes, then she disappeared on her own. Villagers often call those two mountains Tea Mountain and Doi Mountain - located in the center of Kien Thuy district, Hai Phong today. In order to meet the religious needs and eternal aspirations of the people and Buddhists as well as monks and nuns in the district, in 2006, it was approved by the People's Committee of Hai Phong city, People's Committee of Kien Thuy district and other committees. The industry invited Venerable Thich Tuc Hanh - Head of the District Buddhist Association Representative Committee, representing the district's monks and nuns to construct and build Zen Buddhist Dharma at Doi Mountain and turn Doi Mountain into the district's Buddhist center. home, in order to popularize Buddhist teachings to all countryside and to all true devotees. In 2010, Linh Son Vien Giac Pagoda was basically built with all essential works. The pagoda was built in the ancient style, with a curved roof, shaped like a dragon, phoenix and clouds, two dragons flanking the moon, located on the top of Doi mountain. Visiting the pagoda, visitors can see the panoramic view of Kien Thuy district and Do Son seaport. To the East is the Da Do River, bending like a silk strip, providing a source of cool fresh water for the entire Kien Thuy district, Duong Kinh district and Do Son district, to the West there is Xuan La Temple of Literature and Mo pagoda, to the South there is King Vuong. During the Mac Dynasty, far away to the North is Thien Van Mountain. Visitors to the pagoda go to worship Buddha at Ha Pagoda, go to the right to worship the Holy Mother to ask for fortune from the giver and then go up the mountain to worship Buddha. From Mau Palace, turn left, through hundreds of stone steps leading to Thuong Pagoda. From the pagoda, going up to the Quan Am tower, there are rows of Arhat statues carved from monolithic green stone. Each statue has a different shape and mood, but they all have in common the mixture of human pain and the atmosphere of uncertainty. noble death of the preacher. Guan Yin's pavilion was built like a lotus tower, surrounded by a delicately carved stone corridor. The thousand-eyed, thousand-armed bronze statue of Guan Yin weighing about 1 ton is placed in the upper floor. Behind is a Chinese stele with the Great Compassion mantra of Avalokiteshvara. Next to the Guan Yin building, there is a garden of statues depicting the scene of Shakyamuni turning the first Dharma Wheel for the Kieu Tran Nhu brothers, very vividly. Every year at Linh Son Vien Giac Pagoda, major festivals take place such as the Nguyen Tieu Tet Festival (January 10 of the lunar calendar), the anniversary of the meeting of God Do Son and Miss Che (March 9 of the lunar calendar), and the Vu Lan Festival ( July 15), Hoa Dang Festival (September 29), and New Year's Day (December 17) attract crowds of people and tourists everywhere. On February 12, 2011, Linh Son Vien Giac Pagoda received the Certificate of Cultural Heritage sponsorship from UNESCO Vietnam. Linh Son Vien Giac Tu in the future will become a center of spiritual beliefs and an attraction for tourists from all over the world to visit.


Pongour Waterfall



Pongour is a famous beautiful waterfall, one of the most majestic in the Central Highlands, pouring from a height of nearly 40m, spreading over 100m, through a system of multi-storey stone steps. Surrounding the waterfall is a primeval forest with rich and diverse vegetation. Pongour Waterfall is located about 50km from the center of Da Lat city, in Duc Trong district, Lam Dong province. Pongour Waterfall was named Nam Thien De Nhat Waterfall by King Bao Dai, meaning the most majestic waterfall in the South when he visited the waterfall in the last century. Local people often call it a 7-storey waterfall because from above the waterfall flows down through 7 terraced stone levels. Pongour Waterfall originates from the majestic Da Nhim River. To come and explore one of these wonderful Dalat tourist destinations, you have two ways to get to the foot of the waterfall. A long main road with a gentle slope so it's quite easy to walk and doesn't take much effort. The second path is shorter but has many steps. This road is only for adventurous travelers to add excitement to the trip. Coming down to the foot of the waterfall, visitors will be "overwhelmed" by the majestic and beautiful Pongour waterfall. The stream of water poured loudly from above into the large lake with white foam. Pongour Waterfall is beautiful and full of water in every season. During the rainy season (from July to September), the waterfall flows very strongly into the lake, creating white foam, creating a very majestic scene. In the dry season (from October to July of the following year), the water flow is gentler, slowly pouring down the rock layers like soft, smooth silk strips drying on green moss rocks, creating a beautiful scenery. ecstatically beautiful and captivating. Furthermore, visitors can step up the stone steps to look closely and touch the cool water, mossy stone steps and save extremely unique souvenir photos at this tourist destination in Da Lat. If you choose to go in October, you will immediately see beautiful wildflowers blooming on both sides of the road. Pongour is a name transcribed by the French from the native language K'Ho: Pon - gou means the owner of the white clay area, and in the native language it means rhino horn. Pongour Waterfall is associated with the legend of the K'Ho people about a beautiful female chief named Kanai who had the talent to conquer wild animals. She conquered four unusually large rhinos and reclaimed the land, helping villagers plant crops. Thanks to that, people have a prosperous, happy and peaceful life. Every year on the full moon day of the first lunar month at Pongour waterfall, a spring festival takes place with many folk games and traditional cultural rituals, attracting thousands of tourists from everywhere to participate.


Tuyen Lam Lake



Located about 6 km from the center of Da Lat city, Tuyen Lam Lake Tourist Area is likened to a green paradise because of its fresh climate, majestic nature but also poetic enough to attract any tourist. Whenever I have a chance to come to the city of flowers. A magical place in the sunny and windy plateau. Tourists who have visited Tuyen Lam Lake all agree that this place is as beautiful as a charming landscape painting with blue mountains and water and absolute peace. Escaping the harsh sun and wind of the Central Highlands highlands or the noise and dust of big cities, visitors coming here seem to step into another world, where there is only the immense green of the pine hills. Stretching along the mountain slopes, the chirping sounds of birds every morning and the calm, foggy lake surface like a fairyland. True to the name Tuyen Lam (Tuyen means stream, Lam means forest), the landscape here is extremely majestic because there are high mountains, deep forests and streams that blend together poetically. According to the five-element theory of the name Tuyen Lam, this is where all things begin to live and proliferate because of water and wood. Located at an altitude of over 1,000m above sea level, Tuyen Lam Lake has an area of ​​360 hectares located entirely in a valley surrounded by green forests, the fresh breeze of the lake surface makes the atmosphere fresh. , pure, vast and mineral reaching to infinity. With many sightseeing and resort services in Tuyen Lam Lake Tourism Area, visitors can choose many ways to explore this place such as rowing boats on the lake, fishing, elephant riding, mountain climbing, campfires, cultural exchanges. Cook at a stilt house or simply enjoy a hot cup of coffee by the lake to admire the scenic beauty of the romantic Da Lat region. It would be a mistake to mention Da Lat without flowers. Nature has blessed Da Lat with a temperate climate and this is also a paradise of flowers. From mimosa flowers, wild sunflowers or cherry blossoms are all famous flowers of the region. Spring comes, pink cherry blossom petals gently dot the spring picture, making it more cheerful and warm. Or tourists have the opportunity to visit in the fall, around October-December, all the roads leading to Tuyen Lam Lake are bright yellow with wild sunflowers - a typical flower of the sunny and windy plateau. Entering winter, Tuyen Lam Lake, which was originally peaceful, is now more quiet in the floating white mist. For any tourist, the scene at Tuyen Lam Lake must be the most poetic natural picture that no lens or pen can fully describe. The first national-level tourist area in the country On February 15, 2017, the Prime Minister issued Decision No. 205/QD-TTg officially recognizing Tuyen Lam Lake tourist area, Da Lat city as a tourist area. National level tourism. Thus, this is the first national-level tourist area in the country. With an area of ​​2,900 hectares, at Tuyen Lam Lake Tourism Area, there are currently 10/36 projects deployed and put into use such as Edensee Resort, Datanla Waterfall Tourist Area, 18-hole Tuyen Lam Golf Course, High-end Resort. Sacom level, Clay sculpture tunnel, Terracotta Dalat Resort, K'Lan eco-tourism site, Binh An Village tourist site, Truc Lam Zen Monastery religious tourist site, Thanh Quang orchid garden. Tourism activities and services at Tuyen Lam Lake Tourism Area are considered rich and diverse, from high-end resorts combined with conferences - seminars, entertainment, adventure sports to eco-tourism, spiritual culture... Besides, modernity, luxury and comfort are common points in all construction architecture and services here. Visiting Tuyen Lam Lake, visitors have the opportunity to experience the climate of 4 seasons in 1 day: cool mornings of spring, bright sunny afternoons like summer, chilly afternoons of autumn and feel the cold at night in winter. Therefore, traveling to Tuyen Lam Lake in particular and Da Lat city in general is like traveling to 4 seasons, without days, without months, Tuyen Lam Lake is always dreamy and beautiful like a precious gift from nature. nature bestowed on this highland region.


Elephant Mountain Relic Area

Elephant Mountain is in An Lao district, 20km from the city center. Elephant Mountain - Xuan Son is a complex of quite high rocky and earthen mountains, alternating with each other, undulating, meandering through the territory of 3 communes Truong Thanh, An Tien and An Thang of An Lao district, Hai Phong city. .

Elephant Mountain has many beautiful caves: Elephant Throat cave, Chieng cave, Carp cave, Be cave... To the south of Elephant Mountain is Nam Tao cave, to the north there is Bac Dau cave. In the cave, there are many stalactites and stalagmites with strange shapes such as dragons, tigers, elephant heads... On top of Voi Mountain, there is a relatively flat area of ​​land called the chess board of the fairy realm. Not only is it interesting with the amazing beauty of the natural landscape, Elephant Mountain also arouses the curiosity of those who like to explore because this place is the cradle of prehistoric and primitive people. Elephant Mountain has been proven by French archaeologists to be an archaeological relic with many relics that existed about 3,000 years ago such as: stone axes, stone slabs, stone weights, stone grinding tables; or bronze weapons such as bronze spears and bronze daggers. Besides, the Elephant Mountain relic and landscape complex is also famous for its long-standing ancient cultural architectural works such as Chi Lai Communal House,... The communal house worships Cao Son Dai Vuong, a confidant of Hung Due Vuong (18th Hung King). As a rule, the traditional Elephant Mountain festival in An Lao district, Hai Phong city, bearing the cultural colors of coastal people, takes place from February 12 to 14. This is an opportunity for visitors to learn about the ancient land with a rich history and participate in unique cultural activities. During the years of resistance against the French and the Americans, Elephant Mountain became legendary with the image of "Militia girls hanging on the cliffs, halfway up the sky, shooting for falling planes". With a rugged terrain, many large caves and surrounded by two large rivers Lach Tray and Da Do, convenient land and water transportation, Elephant Mountain was once chosen by many historical figures to build an operating base. Female general Le Chan chose Elephant Mountain as a place to gather soldiers and horses, store food and drafts, hide from the enemy and build a base to fight the enemy. Here, the Mac dynasty built citadels, trained soldiers, dug trenches, and built ramparts. Nowadays, Elephant Mountain still has traces of the eldest Vam lords, the superior Vam lords, and the dug river. Names such as Thanh Uy cave, Hai Quan cave, Chan cave (where food and herbs are stored), Gia Vi cave recall the difficult but heroic years of the resistance war against the French and Americans. Especially during the resistance war against the French, Elephant Mountain was an important air defense battlefield protecting the northwestern gateway of Hai Phong.


Ta Nang Palace



Ta Nang Road is famous for its rich and diverse vegetation and majestic, poetic natural landscape. To explore this place, you have to move from an altitude of 1,100m to 500m above sea level, cross streams, climb passes, and pass through dense green forests. The difficulty of the terrain here attracts many adventurous travelers to conquer. The Ta Nang - Phan Dung trekking route starts from Ta Nang commune, Duc Trong district, Lam Dong and ends at Phan Dung commune, Tuy Phong district, Binh Thuan, with a length of about 50km. From June to December is the best time for this trekking route. On this road, visitors will cross streams, climb passes, cross dense green forests and go through many types of terrain and habitats one after another: rice fields, coffee hills, pine forests, grass hills, forests. dip... During the journey there will be many majestic scenery. There are currently two main routes: Soldier Hill route and Yaly waterfall route. The Soldier Hill route has a distance of about 40km, trees grow on both sides of the road, the slope is not too high so it is easy to go, the conquest time is 2 days and 1 night. The Yaly waterfall route is about 50km long, the road is quite smooth and winding, with many slopes, mainly tall rows of ancient pine trees, the conquest time is 3 days and 2 nights. The trekking route has many consecutive slopes, causing participants to have to work hard to reach the top of the hill. Normally, trekking groups camp at the Two Pine Hill camping ground to stay overnight. The campsite is located on a high hill and has a very wide view. Here, visitors can watch both magical sunsets and sunrises. To trek in the safest way and fully admire the wild and majestic beauty of nature along the Ta Nang - Phan Dung route, visitors need to be fully equipped with the necessary skills. Because we go deep into the forest, there is almost no phone signal. At night, the temperature drops and the wind is strong, so you need to prepare clothes, heating tools, sleeping bags, etc. If you want to be more convenient and gentle. When moving, people should hire a loading truck service to transport their belongings to the top of the hill. According to the advice of local people, tourists should limit trekking in this area in the middle of the rainy season because although the first route does not go through many rivers, streams or rapids, the ground and wet gravel will be extremely slippery. slip. On the contrary, if you go in the dry season or at the end of the rainy season following the instructions of an experienced person, you will be both safe and enjoy beautiful scenery throughout this route. This is a difficult trekking route, but perhaps that is why it attracts more backpackers, nature lovers, and adventurers. In return, all the wonderful experiences gained from the trip will definitely not disappoint visitors.


Lang Bian Mountain

Location: Lang Bian Mountain is located in Lac Duong district, 12km north of Da Lat city center. Characteristics: This is a suitable place for ethnologists, for tourists who love traditional culture to study the culture of the Southern Central Highlands ethnic groups.

Langbiang is considered the roof of Da Lat, not only because of its altitude of over 2,000m above sea level but also because of the wonderful scenery here. From the top of Langbiang, you can see the panoramic view of Da Lat city appearing like a watercolor painting, along with Dan Kia Lake and Suoi Vang, looking like a giant piece of peach silk standing out among the immense green of the mountains and hills. In 2015, Lang Biang biosphere reserve was recognized by UNESCO as a World Biosphere Reserve. Lang Biang Biosphere Reserve includes a large area of ​​primeval forest with the core area being Bidoup-Nui Ba National Park, which is considered one of the four biodiversity centers of Vietnam. Lang Biang World Biosphere Reserve is recognized by UNESCO as a premise for Lam Dong to develop sustainably through exploiting the combined values ​​of ecosystem services with a focus on tourism and service development. , contributing to building and developing Da Lat city to become a center for tourism, training, and scientific research on tropical forests. Because it is located at a height that is considered one of the highest peaks in Lac Duong, Langbiang Mountain is considered a special tourist area with a type of picnic, nature exploration, and learning about the culture of the people here. This. Right at the foot of the mountain, there is a quite large valley, where the festival of 100 years of Da Lat's formation and development was successfully held. Therefore, it is called the Hundred Years Valley, designed as an eco-tourism and entertainment area. At Lang Biang, visitors can enjoy an exchange program, light a campfire, drink wine with ethnic people, and listen to them tell stories and culture of the nation. This place is also an attraction for adventurous tourists with mountain climbing and peak conquering programs. If you do not like going by Jeep to the top of Radar hill, you can conquer the mountain peak by walking along the asphalt road through the pine forests and houses of the ethnic people here. At the top of Radar hill, there are services such as restaurants, cafes and other services such as: binoculars to view Da Lat city from above, horseback riding to take pictures. In particular, on the top of the hill there is also a flower garden, statues of K'lang and Hobiang, souvenir shops, etc. From here, visitors can see the Golden and Silver Streams and the panoramic view of Da Lat from above. With the mist fluttering in front of you, you will feel like you are in the clouds. Legend has it that the name Lang Biang originates from the love story of a boy named K'lang (chief of the Lat tribe) and a girl named H'biang (daughter of the chief of the Chil tribe), which touched many tourists who came to visit. This. Due to different tribes, H'biang could not marry K'lang, so the two had to die to preserve their love and protest against strict customary laws. When K'lang and H'biang died, H'biang's father regretted uniting the Lat, Chil, Sré... tribes into one K'Ho people. The high mountain in La Ngu Thuong village, where K'lang and H'biang died, was named Lang Biang - the combined name of the couple, to commemorate the two of them and their love.


Cu Lao Cau



Cu Lao Cau is also known by fishermen as Hon Cau because this is where there are a lot of spinach jelly. This island belongs to Binh Thuan province, located about 8 km from the mainland and about 110 km northeast of Phan Thiet city. Surrounded by tens of thousands of limestone blocks of many shapes and colors, linked together to form interesting caves. Cu Lao Cau is an emerging "paradise" that is causing a fever recently among all those who love to travel. Wild, mysterious, and interesting are the impressive points that Cu Lao Cau brings to those who have set foot here. Cu Lao Cau is suitable for those who like to explore the beauty of the sea and love the feeling of adventure. The most suitable time to visit the main island is from April to August of the lunar calendar because at this time the sea is calm, the sea breeze is cool, and the sea is vast and seductive. Cu Lao Cau is a small island with an area of ​​only about 1.5km so visitors can easily explore the whole island within 1 day with many interesting landscapes. San Ho Beach possesses many beautiful coral reefs. This place concentrates many beautiful multi-shaped and multi-colored coral species. When coming to the coral beach, visitors will experience many interesting activities such as scuba diving to see coral. Snorkeling here is an extremely unique experience with a primitive coral community over 2 km long with nearly 234 types of coral. Ba Hon Cave is also considered a tourist destination in Cu Lao Cau that is loved by many tourists. The origin of the name Ba Hon is formed by 3 large rocks standing up, creating a strange and eye-catching shape. In addition to visiting nature, exploring caves, diving to see coral in clear blue water, organizing overnight camping on the island is also an interesting experience on Cu Lao Cau. In the evening, visitors can organize a small party, light a campfire, sing and dance. At night, lie under the sky and watch the twinkling stars, feel the sound of the waves crashing and enjoy the beautiful natural scenery. Coming to Cu Lao Cau, visitors have the opportunity to enjoy specialties from the sea such as Nang's breast snail, Moon crab, oyster pulp... In addition, other types of seafood here are also very rich and quite cheap.


Cao Linh Pagoda

Cao Linh Pagoda has an area of ​​49,000 square meters and is located in the western gateway of Hai Phong city. The pagoda was built in the middle of a large, high land in Ha Lien area, now Bac Ha village, Bac Son commune, An Duong district, Hai Phong city.

The temple is located about 12km from the city center, next to Highway 10 connecting the provinces of Quang Ninh - Hai Phong - Thai Binh - Nam Dinh - Ninh Binh, behind is Highway 5 connecting Hai Phong - Hai Duong. and Hanoi Capital. According to historical records, the pagoda was probably built by the Le Van family in Ha Lien village. The stone stele in the pagoda records the date of the last restoration in the Later Le dynasty more than 300 years ago. Cao Linh Pagoda has an area of ​​about 49,000 square meters. In front of the pagoda is Thien Van mountain range in Kien An, behind is Ha Lien river. In the beginning, the pagoda was built with only three front halls, two back halls, five ancestral halls, three low-roofed 4-level kitchens with the main purpose of allowing tourists from all over to come to worship and rest. During the years of resistance against the French, the pagoda participated in anti-French activities along with the communists. The pagoda was burned down by the French colonialists, until 2001, thanks to the grace of the Buddhas, thanks to the goodness of the Buddhist leaders of the Church, and the unanimous consent of the local government, the pagoda was offered to God. Venerable Thich Thanh Giac, deputy head of the administrative committee of the Hai Phong Buddhist Association, abbot of Pho Chieu pagoda - Hai Phong city, concurrently holds the position of abbot. The chairman and Buddhist monks planned to restore and repair the temple to its present-day appearance. Cao Linh Pagoda possesses a magnificent and massive architecture, blending the ancient beauty of the East and the modern beauty of Western architecture. Cao Linh Pagoda has a massive system of three steps, above which are curved roofs with dragon motifs and sitting motifs. The pagoda has an image of Amitabha Buddha embossed with thousands of clouds, creating an extremely brilliant and dignified beauty. In the middle of the three steps are three Western Saints carved elaborately and skillfully. On the top of the highest three-step roof is the image of the Dharma wheel symbolizing reincarnation, above it is the carefree lotus flower representing infinite purity. Stepping through the three steps is a large and extremely solemn campus. On both sides of the path to the main hall are majestic Buddha statues arranged neatly in a straight line, in the middle is an incense burner filled with smoky incense. Extremely delicate and precise layout. In addition, the pagoda also has many beautiful and impressive works such as stupas containing the remains of the abbots of Cao Linh pagoda, a 3.2-ton bronze bell, and a stone screen with 6 articles considered to be the motto of the temple. pagoda. However, what makes tourists from everywhere and a large number of Buddhists feel pure and gentle is the garden where Shakyamuni Buddha preached the Dharma to his chief disciples. In the center of the circle is a fountain, next to it is a statue of Sakyamuni Buddha sitting at the opening ceremony with a group of disciples solemnly listening, creating a scene of admiration and respect that helps forget all worries and sadness. mind. It can be said that each campus, each area of ​​the temple was arranged by the abbot and the builders with their devotion and talent to be skillful and scientific while still maintaining solemnity and success. glasses and compliance with basic rules. With unique construction lines and architectural art imbued with Buddhist cultural identity, the Pagoda is the center of religious activities of Buddhists throughout the city. This is a tourist attraction that attracts domestic and foreign tourists and is also a prominent highlight in the panorama of the famous tourist scenic area of ​​Elephant Mountain.


Ky Co Beach

Location: located at the foot of Phuong Mai mountain, in Nhon Ly commune, city. Quy Nhon, Binh Dinh province, about 25km northeast of Quy Nhon city center Characteristics: compared to the Maldives of Vietnam with blue sea, white sand, golden sunshine




Cu Lao Cham

Location: Cu Lao Cham is located in Tan Hiep island commune, Hoi An city, Quang Nam province, about 15km from Cua Dai, about 18km east of Hoi An ancient town. Characteristics: This is one of the very few islands in Vietnam that still retains a relatively large vegetation cover, and is home to many rare animals on shore and in the sea.




Tam Giang Lagoon

Location: Tam Giang Lagoon is limited to the north by O Lau River estuary, to the south is the Huong River estuary connecting to the sea through Thuan An estuary, belonging to 12 communes of three districts of Quang Dien, Phong Dien and Huong Tra. Characteristics: Tam Giang and Cau Hai Lagoons are the two largest and most typical brackish water lagoons in Vietnam.




Huong river

Location: The romantic river flows through the city. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: The Perfume River is beautiful from the source, winding between mountains, forests, and hills, carrying the scent of tropical herbs.




Paradise Cave

Location: Son Trach commune, Bo Trach district, Quang Binh province, about 70km northwest of Dong Hoi city center. Characteristics: Paradise is the longest dry cave in Asia with a length of 31.4km.




son Doong cave

Location: Son Trach commune, Bo Trach district, Quang Binh province, in the core area of ​​Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park. Characteristics: This is the largest natural cave in the world today.




Hang En

Location: in the core area of ​​the World Natural Heritage Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park, Quang Binh. Characteristics: The cave is considered the 3rd largest in the world, after Son Doong cave (Vietnam) and Deer cave (Malaysia).




Co Thach Sea



Located in Binh Thanh commune (Tuy Phong district, Binh Thuan province), Co Thach beach is blessed with attractive landscapes. Co Thach is famous for its super unique alien-like landscapes, shaped rocks that are hard to find anywhere else, Hang Pagoda and seven-colored rocks that delight many tourists. Located in the Central Coast province, sunny and windy all year round, you can go to Co Thach almost all year round, but visitors should avoid July and August because there are often rough seas, and black jellyfish make the sea water unstable. be clear. Most backpackers and photographers choose to go to Co Thach around March, this is also the moss hunting season in Co Thach. At that time, all the large and small rocks in Co Thach sea were covered with dark green moss, as if replaced by a new, more strange coat. Then when the sun comes up, that blue color gradually turns to a brilliant yellow. Seven-color rock beach (Ca Duoc rock beach): This can be said to be the most attractive point of Co Thach, one of the unique landscapes of Vietnam. Located in Co Thach tourist area, the seven-colored stone beach close to the sea includes many stones of all shapes and colors. Not only does it have a colorful rocky beach, Co Thach beach also attracts tourists because of its large rocks with very unique shapes. There are rocks that look like a crocodile bending a water fountain, there are rocks that look like an ostrich dipping in the sea, and there are rocks that look like a clenched hand. Hang Pagoda: Co Thach Pagoda, also known as Hang Pagoda, is an ancient stone pagoda, more than 100 years old. This pagoda is currently located in Co Thach tourist area, in Binh Thanh commune, Tuy Phong district, Binh Thuan. Mineral mud bath in Vinh Hao: As a location near Co Thach tourist area, Vinh Hao mineral water has long become famous. If you have the opportunity to visit Co Thach, do not miss the opportunity to soak in mineral mud or relax in warm mineral water. The mineral water here not only helps you relax, eliminate stress and fatigue, but also beautifies your skin and helps blood circulate better.


Nam Cuong sand dunes



One of the impressions visitors have when mentioning Ninh Thuan is the golden sand dunes stretching as far as the eye can see. When the wind blows, it seems like the sand on the hillsides changes shape, taking on different looks that you have to be very observant to recognize that quiet yet delicate beauty. Located in Ninh Phuoc district, nearly 8km from Phan Rang - Thap Cham city, Nam Cuong sand dunes are close enough for tourists to visit from the city center. With an area of ​​about 700 hectares, with an altitude of 10 - 20 meters, this place will be an ideal destination for visitors to freely run and jump, or experience the excitement of going on jeeps to explore sand dunes. . Ninh Thuan is a land of sun and wind, so the ideal time to come to Nam Cuong sand dunes is at dawn. When the first rays of sunlight appear on the horizon, it is the mixture of light and dark that helps the scene become sparkling and magical. In particular, the image of Cham girls walking on the smooth sand, the rays of the morning sun dancing on their shoulders, and above their heads the shadow of the moon shining in the sky is one of the most beautiful moments in Nam Cuong sand dunes. Contrast between the vast sand dunes is the lovely and graceful beauty of Cham girls in traditional costumes. From a distance, it looks like fairies spinning around in their own dance, the "moon picking" dance. Standing on the highest sand slope, visitors can also see from afar the majestic beauty of the Cha Bang mountain range. On the occasion of April-June every year, people perform a solemn ceremony to worship the god Po Nai on this mountain to pray for peace and luck for the whole year. Therefore, coming to Nam Cuong sand dunes, visitors will have the opportunity to admire and better understand the beauty as well as the cultural and spiritual life of the Cham people. Perhaps it is because of its charm and mystery that helps Nam Cuong sand dunes become a place that attracts not only tourists to explore, but also art-loving photographers. It's like Nam Cuong is a mystery, always urging travelers to come experience it, to see for themselves the wild and mysterious beauty of nature.


Hang Rai



Hang Rai is one of the places that is very popular with tourists because of its pristine natural scenery with the clear blue of the sea, the majesty of the mountains and forests and the mystery of rocks of all shapes... like a painting. Charming mountains and water, fairyland. Hang Rai is located in the south of Vinh Hy Bay, at the foot of Nui Chua National Park, about 35km from Phan Rang city. The name Hang Rai was given because this is where many species of otters live. If you are lucky, you can see otters walking in groups looking for food or returning to the cave to rest. The second explanation comes from the fact that there are many otter trees grown here, a tree that extracts oil to paint on boats to help waterproof them when sailing. Hang Rai is most beautiful probably from November to February, when the rocks are covered with green moss, looking from a distance like a soft, silky carpet. Coming to Hang Rai, what impresses visitors is the rocky beach with many strange shapes emerging from the sea surface. It is known that this was once an ancient coral reef that had calcified and formed a two-storey rocky beach. The lower level is located a few centimeters above sea level with a wide, flat rock surface; While the top floor is more than 2m high, there are hundreds of 20 - 30cm high stone tips that point up sharply, then fall down to form circular cells. With each tide, the waves jump up on the rocks and then recede like a small waterfall on the sea surface. Because of its thorny and somewhat mysterious beauty, the rocky beach at Hang Rai always attracts photographers to visit just to capture vivid moments of amazing nature. The interesting thing about Hang Rai is that the beauty changes depending on the time of day. At dawn, the rays of morning light creep into each rock hole, dancing on the blue sea surface, creating a very gentle but full of life scene. But when sunset falls, Hang Rai takes on a quiet, romantic look as if reminding visitors to relax and quietly contemplate this moment, leaving behind worries and troubles.


Vinh Hy Bay



One of the most popular tourist attractions in Ninh Thuan, it is impossible not to mention Vinh Hy Bay. The place is generously gifted by nature with a majestic and pristine landscape with the vast blue sea on one side and towering mountains on the other. Vinh Hy Bay is located about 42km northeast of Phan Rang - Thap Cham city. The road leading to the bay is winding, winding, occasionally appearing white salt fields, or lush green vineyards inviting tourists to visit,... The special feature of Vinh Hy Bay is the East - West three sides. – The north is surrounded by mountains, right next to Nui Chua National Park, the southeast is the sea. Coming to Vinh Hy, visitors should not miss the opportunity to freely swim in the clear blue sea and dive to see beautiful coral reefs. There is currently a coral viewing tour on the bay by glass-bottomed boat, which is very convenient, especially for tourists who cannot swim but want to experience the excitement of seeing colorful coral reefs or small schools of fish. leisurely swimming in the blue sea. It is known that Vinh Hy currently has more than 300 species of coral, of which 50 species were newly discovered in Vietnam. Vinh Hy Bay also captivates tourists with its gentle and simple fishing village people. Chat with them to learn more about life, as well as listen to old stories about the time when the land was reclaimed here. All of these things are enough to make Vinh Hy Bay a place that every tourist wants to visit when they have the opportunity to come to Khanh Hoa.


Cat Ba National Park

Cat Ba National Park was established on March 31, 1986 according to Decision No. 79/CP of the Council of Ministers of Vietnam (now the government). Including marine ecosystems, terrestrial forest ecosystems, and mangrove ecosystems. The entire Cat Ba National Park consists of a high-altitude, rugged mountainous area.

Cat Ba National Park has an area of ​​26,240 hectares, of which 17,040 hectares are island land and 9,200 hectares are sea surface. This is a convergence of many different ecosystems: mangrove ecosystems, forest ecosystems on limestone mountains, marine forest ecosystems with coral reefs. There is a diverse flora and fauna system, including 2,320 species of plants and animals, including 282 species of animals living in the forest, 538 species of animals living on the seabed, 196 species of marine fish, 771 species of terrestrial plants, 23 species of mangrove plants, 75 species of seaweed, 177 species of coral. In particular, the Cat Ba archipelago has up to 60 rare endemic species included in the Vietnam Red Book such as: Animals including white-headed langur, white-clad langur, crow, black squirrel...; Plants have soil and spirit, flower slices, kim Giao, and honey. Especially in the Trung Trang area, there is Kim Giao forest, an endemic tree that lives in groups on an area of ​​dozens of hectares in the center of the garden. According to a recent survey, in Cat Ba there are currently only more than 60 white-headed langurs - the only endemic species in our country and in the world. Coming to Cat Ba, you should rent a motorbike to go wherever you want, there are many accommodation options. The most beautiful hotels are the hotels leaning against the mountain, facing the sea. Cat Ba has more than 60 guests with 1,000 rooms concentrated in the coastal town along the edge of the bay. Room prices have many different levels, from about 150,000 VND/room/night. Coming to Cat Ba, visitors will be captivated by the beauty of the sea, discovering limestone mountains with many interesting caves, interspersed with smooth, white sand beaches. The limestone mountains have an average height of 150m, the highest being Cao Vong peak 322m above sea level. Sunset on Cat Ba archipelago is a colorful scene. The horizon is bright yellow, the sea surface is dark purple-blue. Toward the fishing port, thousands of anchored ships have lit up their lights, creating a magical night star area! Interestingly, you will be invited to restaurants floating on the river, spreading temples to welcome guests. You can enjoy specialties such as fish salad, snapper sour soup, especially geoduck grilled on a charcoal stove with a sweet aroma. The geoduck is a species of sea clam with a slightly oblong oval shell, about 10cm long. When stimulated, it shoots out a very strong and far-reaching jet of water, hence the name tu hai (baby's beard). In Vietnam, only Cat Ba has geoducks and they usually appear in December, their breeding season. Today, geoduck is raised by fishermen all year round to supply restaurants throughout Hai Phong and Cat Ba. The attraction of Cat Ba is the sea. After a day of climbing mountains or exploring caves, you will feel extremely refreshed, immersing yourself in the clear blue water and lying on the smooth white sand beach. At night, Cat Ba's space is vast, majestic, and stunningly beautiful. Sleeping at night here is a wonderful pleasure, the air is cool and gentle, the salty breeze of the sea flows into the forest on the rocky mountains, creating a whispering sound, as if lulling guests into a peaceful sleep.


Lan Ha Bay

Lan Ha Bay is located in the east of Cat Ba Island and adjacent to Ha Long Bay in the south. Lan Ha Bay has an area of ​​more than 7,000 hectares, including a quite pristine archipelago with about 400 large and small islands, creating a giant and magical picture.

The special thing about the bay is that there are many islands with sandy beaches at the foot of the mountains, making the beauty even more vivid, allowing visitors to drop by boat to roam on the sandy beaches or swim at these pristine sandy beaches. In Lan Ha Bay, there is Cai Beo floating village, where more than 200 households live in houses designed on buoys and the village has been studying its history by domestic and foreign archaeologists. Its history spans thousands of years. Tourists often rent a boat for 3-4 hours with a schedule of Beo wharf - Cai Beo bay - visit fish cages (if you buy fish, ask carefully about the price first) or visit - swim, rest, and refresh at Monkey Island. Then return to Beo wharf. Unlike Ha Long Bay, there are up to 139 small, lovely and deserted golden sand beaches like "blue straits" inviting tourists to explore. Many sandy beaches stretching between two rocky mountains, quiet without big waves, are truly ideal beaches. Under the clear blue water are colorful coral beaches such as Van Boi and Van Ha beaches... Calm waters such as Sen island, Cu island, Monkey island... are places where tourists can dive to see coral. Thanks to its wild and quiet natural beauty, today Lan Ha Bay has been put into operation as the most attractive tourist resort destination for domestic and foreign tourists after Ha Long Bay. Although not known to many tourists, Lan Ha Bay is considered one of the most beautiful bays in Vietnam. When the weather turns to autumn, it is also the time when Lan Ha Bay is most beautiful with pale sunlight, not hot, gentle with the cool breeze of the ocean, allowing visitors to comfortably enjoy the refreshment and relaxation while sailing. admire the bay. On the tour, the group will visit the island - here you will also have the opportunity to meet a group of funny monkeys, very suitable for groups with young children. On Monkey Island, there is also Cat Dua beach, the most beautiful satellite beach of the country, with absolutely clear sea water. In front of the beach are undulating mountains creating a very unique bay edge. However, before reaching the island, you have to cross a stretch of sea about 2 km as the crow flies. You can also book a room at Monkey Island Resort and stay overnight at this resort to experience island life close to fresh nature.


Flower Shop

Compared to many other urban areas in the country that have a long history such as Hanoi, Nam Dinh, Hue, Hoi An, and Ho Chi Minh City, Hai Phong is a young city. The foundation of Hai Phong urban area was originally a fishing village near the river mouth with a market, boat wharf, tax station and sea guard post.

As early as 1885, on the basis of Liem Khe creek, Ambassador Bonnan dug a canal connecting Tam Bac River with Cam River called Bonnan Canal. In the past, there were a series of bridges across this canal. Later, due to the need to develop and expand the city, the French filled the Bonnan canal, leaving only a part of the current Tam Bac Lake. On the canal that was filled in, a hospital, market, and flower garden were built. The Pon Dume bridge connecting Pon Dume street (now Cau Dat street) with Saratxie street (now Quang Trung street) is also located in the filled canal. In 1944, the flower shop was built at this location and it still exists today. According to existing documents, the Hai Phong flower shop was built by Governor Louisiani and the chief of the Luc Luc Gochie was in charge of the technical design. To build the project, people had to choose from dozens of designs from many architects across the country to choose a project that would be suitable for the surrounding architectural complex, but still retain the Western artistic style. Winter. There are a total of 5 flower shops, each shop has an area of ​​nearly 20m2, nearly 4m high, each shop is 6m apart, all spread evenly over an area of ​​300m2. The shop is designed with 4 ironwood columns, stone legs, a beam system also made of ironwood, and 4 tiled roofs. After many renovations, up to now the general architecture of the 5 flower shops has been somewhat simplified but still retains the shape from the first day of construction. According to the elders, after the inauguration ceremony of the flower shop around August 1944, before the Japanese coup d'état against the French, at each flower shop that day there were often two women wearing modern ao dai standing and selling fresh flowers to everyone. . The flower shop is still there, although you can no longer see the curved corners of the communal house's roof, the stylized flower and leaf border on the roof of the shop, the flower-arranged stone pedestals and both the pepper and tigon flower arrangements at the beginning of the row of shops. Nguyen Duc Canh Street has also been destroyed by time. Today, at this location, the old style is still maintained, most of the fresh flower sellers are young, their selling style is different from before but there are many more types of flowers, much more beautiful than before. Along with dozens of landmarks named after the restaurant in the city, which still exist today, the flower shop is like a highlight in the central strip of Hai Phong urban area, creating the unique beauty and charm of the Port city.


Cat Ba archipelago

Located about 60km from the city center, Cat Ba archipelago is an address in Hai Phong that many people are interested in. This archipelago is located adjacent to Ha Long Bay, off the coast of Hai Phong city. In addition to island tourism, Cat Ba is also the only place in Vietnam that converges three national and international titles including Cat Ba National Park, marine protected area and world biosphere reserve.

Today, Cat Ba Island has developed strongly in tourism thanks to its beautiful landscape. This place has hundreds of large and small islands, many attractive natural beaches and primeval forests with many rare flora and fauna. Coming to Cat Ba, you will be immersed in the wild and seductive beauty of the blue sea, white sand and golden sunshine, enjoying the harmonious picture of sea and sky down to every detail of the color combination of nature. And one thing you definitely must forget is to taste the fresh, nutritious seafood dishes of the sea here! In general, the Cat Ba archipelago is quite large, so most tourists coming here want to come back to explore more things. Because this island is located quite far from the mainland, to have a complete trip you should go on a tour or with an experienced guide!


Viet Hai Fishing Village

Viet Hai fishing village is a small village located deep in Cat Ba national park, in Cat Hai island district, Hai Phong. Because it is located deep in the forest and the road is winding, in the past very few people in the country set foot here, but today Viet Hai village is attracting many foreign tourists, especially this is a very popular spot. Prefer this type of bicycle tour.

Previously, Viet Hai was almost completely separate from the outside world. The mountains and forests are desolate and deserted, so every time they come to a flooded road during the rainy season, local people carelessly "strip" and dive and wade. Mr. Hoang, a resident of Cat Ba, confessed that he had been living in this village for more than 10 years because of "stripping". That time, he brought medicinal herbs to sell to the villagers. When he reached the middle of the stream, he met a girl in the same condition as him. The shy and confused girl threw her clothes and belongings into the water. After that, he had to voluntarily lend her his clothes to wear temporarily. Then they met and fell in love, becoming husband and wife. Viet Hai people still maintain a "primitive" life like since ancient times. The whole commune has more than a dozen old Chinese motorbikes belonging to families considered the most well-off in the village, which they use to run around for several kilometers on the newly opened concrete road. This person finished driving and threw the car to a corner on the side of the road, leaving the keys in the car. If someone else wants to take the car and drive it, they can do it, then return it to its original place. The house is open day and night, even if the owner goes away for a few days, no one steals anything. If this family has something to worry about, there is no need to report it, the whole village comes together to help. This house's belongings can be freely used by another family if they need something. Therefore, the whole village has only two police officers who mainly take care of administrative work. Viet Hai is almost completely "clean" from all types of social evils. Viet Hai is currently the most remote and difficult commune of Cat Hai district. But the people here seem very satisfied with their materially poor but meaningful life. Live and share together, without calculation or self-interest, to get rich between the mountains, forests and sea. Secretary of the Commune Party Committee Dinh Van Thuy confided that it is thanks to this cultural activity that more and more foreign tourists come. In recent years, tens of thousands of tourists have crossed streams and climbed passes to visit. They heard the sound of a pristine land in the middle of the world biosphere reserve, Cat Ba national forest. Viet Hai people are also starting to show quite sharpness when starting to do tourism. The village decided to send a group of people to Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City to learn how to do tourism and apply it to the village. There is also a "forest man" travel company opening operations in this remote mountain village owned by local people. Mountain bikes were bought in Hai Phong and taken by boat to the village, serving Western visitors to cycle to see the village and climb mountains. There are also a few people who work in the fields and also serve as motorbike taxi drivers to take tourists around the village. A few stilt houses and a few restaurants serving tourists have just opened. Foreign visitors who come here after visiting the mountains and forests and stopping at the restaurant will ask people to take care of cooking services from food that people grow and raise themselves such as chickens, ducks, green vegetables... Many village elders, Young people in the village volunteered to be "tour guides" for guests. Village elders also selected nearly a dozen local boys and girls to send to Cat Ba to "update" common English. Viet Hai people are eager to do tourism with the dream of turning their village into a unique "tourist island" in the near future.


Ba De Temple

The temple worships Lady De - wife of Lord Trinh Giang. King Tu Duc visited her temple and bestowed the title "Dong Nhac De Ba - Lady of Lord Trinh".

The temple has a simple but elegant and elegant structure, nestled against the back of the mountain, in front of the vast ocean, creating a unique natural wonder no less than "Nam Thien De Nhat Cave - Perfume Pagoda". Like many temples and shrines in our country, they are often formed from a legend. Legend has it that in 1718, in the southeast of Ngoc Do Son region, there was a couple named Dao who had not had children for twenty years. The couple cultivated themselves, accumulated virtue, and prayed to God for a child. God was moved, witnessed, and then told the wife in a dream that she was pregnant. One full day, one full month, the baby was born and was named Dao Thi Huong. From the moment he was born, the child's body exuded a fragrant fragrance, radiated light, and wherever he went, clouds covered him. The more the child (Ba De) grew up, the more beautiful and splendid she became. Mrs. De is very skillful and diligent in everything. Every day she herds buffaloes, cuts grass, works with her hands, sings, her singing resonates throughout the mountains and forests. People say that her singing makes the birds stop singing, the waves stop crashing, and heaven and earth quiet down to listen. In 1736, Lord Trinh Giang visited Do Son. The Lord and his group of people took a scenic tour by dragon boat on Doc Mountain. Moved by the smooth singing, the Lord ordered his soldiers to find the singer. When he met her with her beauty, he loved her and was inseparably attached to her. When she returned to the capital, the lord had an appointment to pick her up. She was pregnant, very scared, day and night waiting for the lord's flower boat. Hang Tong knew about the matter and demanded a fine. The poor family did not have money to pay the fine, so the boss took her to Doc Mountain and drowned her in the sea. Before dying, she raised her face to the sky and cried: "As a woman and an aunt, I dare not resist when I meet a loving God. Looking at my mother, father, and neighbors, I dare not forget. May God bear witness to my heart. If I'm drowned in water, if I'm wronged, God will let me float up three times." Sure enough, she appeared three times, everyone was scared. After a month, the lord's flower boat returned to take her back to the capital. Knowing about the injustice, Lord Trinh Giang built a temple and an altar to exonerate her. Her temple was visited by King Tu Duc and conferred the title: Dong Nhac De Ba - Lady Trinh. Later generations mourned and admired her loyalty. Many famous people have written poems of praise: From then until now, visitors from all over have flocked to visit Ba De temple. People come to ask for money, fortune, and especially to help her resolve all injustices they encounter.


Mac Dynasty Memorial Area

According to the Complete Book and Dai Viet Thong Su, Mac Dang Dung (1483 - 1541) was from Co Trai village, Nghi Duong district, Kinh Mon district, Hai Duong town (now Co Trai village, Ngu Doan commune, Kien Thuy district, Hai city). Phong), is the 7th generation grandson of Poinsettia Mac Dinh Chi during the Tran dynasty. Born in the sea, when he was young, Mac Dang Dung worked as a fisherman, but had more intelligence and courage than others.

In the contest to select brave soldiers during the reign of King Le Uy Muc at Thang Long Martial Arts Hall, he won the title of martial artist with a background - Vo Trang Nguyen, and was drafted into the Tuc Guard army. During this period, the Le Dynasty weakened, the generals divided into factions and fought each other. Outside, farmers rose up in rebellion, Mac Dang Dung was assigned to defend Hai Duong. King Le Chieu Thong in Thang Long capital was rebelled and threatened by Nguyen Kinh's rebel army. Mac Dang Dung brought troops back to the capital to save the people, single-handedly quelled the rebellion, and was appointed Binh Chuong Quan Quoc Tuong, Deputy Grand Master of Nhan Quoc Cong... In 1527, he was appointed by the Le Dynasty as Grand Master of An Hung Vuong. In June 1527, he was ceded the throne by Le Cung Hoang, founding the Mac Dynasty with the reign name Minh Duc. Studying under the Tran dynasty, reigning for 2 years, in 1529, he ceded the throne to his eldest son, Mac Dang Doanh - also known as Mac Thai Tong, retired to become Emperor Thai, and built the Mac citadel in present-day Hai Phong. . Under the Mac dynasty, Vietnam's economy, culture, and society had many achievements recorded in history. That was the prosperous time of markets, bustling ports, and flourishing folk culture. Security and order, strict discipline. Regarding the economy, the Mac Dynasty had a policy of agricultural promotion, giving priority to providing land to soldiers, focusing on reclaiming land, establishing villages, and building dikes. The Mac Dynasty did not follow the policy of "respecting agriculture and inhibiting trade" like the early Le Dynasty, but had a very open policy with domestic and foreign trade, developing commodity production, and trading the domestic market with foreign countries. Blue and white ceramic products of the Mac Dynasty in Bat Trang and Nam Sach are unique and sophisticated, exported to many countries in the region. Some handicrafts such as statue carving and bell casting are encouraged to develop. Regarding culture, the Mac dynasty always focused on examination policies and training talented people for the country (including women). Every 3 years there is an Association exam. A total of 22 examinations were organized, passing 477 doctors, 11 poinsettias, 12 longan, and 19 flower detectives (second only to the reign of King Le Thanh Tong). A typical example is Trang Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem, the "Khue star" of the 16th century. At that time, Mac Dang Dung built Duong Kinh in Co Trai, his hometown, a system of palaces, palaces, and schools such as: Duong pagoda; Tuong Quang palace, Phuc Huy; Quoc Hung government; Mausoleums, military posts, food warehouses... on a massive scale. In order for Duong Kinh to become "an urban area on the shore of the East", the Mac dynasty built a number of commercial ports on wharfs under boats as places to exchange domestic and foreign goods such as: Lo Minh Thi, An Quy, Do Nha... with the construction, restoration and embellishment of many monuments, especially pagodas in Co Trai and surrounding areas. The Mac dynasty existed for 65 years before being driven out of Thang Long by the feudal forces of the Trinh dynasty in the name of the Le dynasty in 1592. The Mac dynasty had 5 kings: Mac Dang Dung (1527 - 1529) , Mac Dang Doanh (1530 - 1540), Mac Phuc Hai (1541 - 1546), Mac Phuc Nguyen (1547 - 1561) and Mac Mau Hop (1562 - 1592). Correctly assessing the position of the Mac and Duong Kinh dynasties, in 2004, the Ministry of Culture and Information decided to classify the relic, recognizing "From the Mac family street in Co Trai, Kien Thuy district, Hai Phong city as a Historical Relic". , National Culture”. Due to historical events, more than 400 years have passed since the Mac family's hall, the only original structure worshiping the Venerable Mac Thai To and the Venerable Mac Thai Tong is still preserved in the sacred land of outstanding people, the land of the ancestors. The dynasty's blessings were built by descendants of the Mac Co Trai family and local people more than a hundred years ago. Up to now, that project is narrow, small, simple, dilapidated, and in danger of collapsing at any time. Connecting the ancient development, with the strength of solidarity and creative thinking, the people of Duong Kinh and Kien Thuy continue to preserve and promote traditions. Building this place to become an address that attracts not only Mac family branches across the country, but also tourists from all over the world to offer incense to commemorate the Mac dynasty kings, contributing to educating patriotic traditions for today's descendants.


Cua Lo Beach

Location: Cua Lo Beach belongs to Cua Lo town, Nghe An province; 18km from Vinh city. Characteristics: Wide and long beach, one of the most beautiful beaches in the country, located in the middle of the tourist - cultural complex of Nghe An. There is a rich source of seafood here, especially the famous jumping squid and fishing squid throughout the country.




Pu Luong Nature Reserve

Location: Pu Luong Nature Reserve is located in the northwest of Thanh Hoa province, in the areas of Quan Hoa and Ba Thuoc districts. Characteristics: Pu Luong Nature Reserve was established in 1999, currently holding rich natural landscape values ​​with a diversity of flora and fauna.




Trang An eco-tourism area

Location: Trang An eco-tourism area is located in Truong Yen, Ninh Van, Ninh Hai communes (Hoa Lu district), Gia Sinh (Gia Vien district), Ninh Nhat commune, Tan Thanh ward (Ninh Binh city) far from Hanoi. More than 90km south. Characteristics: With an area of ​​about 2000 hectares and much potential for historical, ecological, spiritual cultural tourism, Trang An is a tourist destination that attracts many domestic and foreign tourists.




Tam Coc - Bich Dong

Location: The cave is located in the Ngu Nhac Son mountain range in Dam Khe village, Ninh Hai commune, Hoa Lu district, Ninh Binh province. Characteristics: The beautiful scenery of Bich Dong is known as "Nam Thien De Nhi Dong" (the second most beautiful cave in the South).




Lac village - Mai Chau

Location: Lac village in Mai Chau valley, Hoa Binh province. Characteristics: An ethnic village in Hoa Binh province with unique customs and traditions.




Diep Son Island



Diep Son Island is considered the "green pearl" of Van Phong Bay with a famous walking path on the sea connecting the islands. This place promises to be one of the island paradises that attract tourists to visit during the summer. Diep Son is an archipelago with three small islands including: Hon Bip, Hon O and Hon Qua - the names symbolize three species of birds: Bim Bip, Eagle and Crow. The island is famous for its wild and mysterious beauty with the "Diep Son Waterway" that only appears when the tide recedes. To experience the unique road in Van Phong Bay, from Van Gia after about an hour traveling at sea, the boat will stop at the middle island. From here, visitors can experience walking on the white sand road winding like a silk strip in the middle of the vast ocean. In addition to the feeling of excitement, it is also mixed with nervousness because the road is only about 1m wide, located 0.5m above sea level and nearly 500m long. On beautiful sunny days, with clear sea water, visitors can also admire schools of fish swimming leisurely in the blue sea. Inhaling the cool breeze mixed with salty sea air seems to dispel all worries. Diep Son is most beautiful from December to June, when the weather is calm and the sea is very suitable for activities to enjoy the scenery and explore the simple life of the fishing village people. There are about 80 households living on the island, whose main job is fishing. Therefore, coming to Diep Son, visitors can easily see images of people pulling nets at dawn or dusk. To quietly admire the idyllic beauty of the green island with the sea on all four sides. If there is time, visitors can rent boats from local people to explore the surrounding small islands. The most prominent is Hon Mot, only 15 minutes away by boat. Most of the islands here are very wild and deserted. In addition to the blue sea, the island also has reed grass fields, which are ideal places for tourists to take photos and save wonderful moments about Van Phong Bay.


Binh Ba Island



Nature bestows Binh Ba with pristine beauty with smooth white sand beaches that seem to have never been visited by anyone. Perhaps it is because of that natural, genuine feature that many tourists have "fallen in love" and want to come to Binh Ba once in their lives. Binh Ba along with Binh Hung island, Binh Lap beach, Binh Tien is one of the Four Binhs of Khanh Hoa. This is a small island with an area of ​​over 3 km² in Cam Binh commune, Cam Ranh city. Famous for its wild beauty, Binh Ba is also favored as Vietnam's "Maldives Sea Paradise". Talking about the name Binh Ba island, many people explain that the word "Binh" means "peaceful" with the hope that life here will also be happy and peaceful. Or the word "Binh" also refers to the ancient ancestors from Binh Dinh who came here to establish hamlets and reclaim land as a way for future descendants not to forget their ancestors' contributions in the past. Therefore, for people in the area, Binh Ba Island is a meaningful name, as beautiful as the island itself. What makes visitors impressed about Binh Ba are the long beaches. The most beautiful island is Chuong beach with clear water and many rocks with strange shapes; Next is the gentle Nom beach, suitable for residents as well as tourists to swim here; Next is Nha Cu beach which is considered a great place to dive and see coral. However, Nha Cu beach has a lot of sea urchins (or sea urchins), so to conveniently see coral, visitors can rent boats from the islanders to go to more remote waters. Life on a remote island with sea on all sides helps people develop lobster farming. Coming to Binh Ba, visitors will easily see many cages raising fish and shrimp. That's why dishes made from lobster are also considered specialties on the island. The shrimp here is very fresh and delicious, the price is reasonable, combined with the skillful cooking skills of local people to help make the dishes more rich and flavorful. With its spacious space, lush green nature, rich cuisine and hospitable people, Binh Ba Island deserves to be one of the island paradises that tourists should visit this summer.


Binh Hung Island



Binh Hung Island is famous for its wild beauty with fine white sand beaches and clear blue water like jade. Perhaps that is why Binh Hung always attracts tourists to visit when they have the opportunity to come to Khanh Hoa. Binh Hung Island is also known as Ty island or Chut island, located in Cam Ranh deep water bay, Khanh Hoa province. Nestled at the foot of the pass of the Binh Tien - Vinh Hy sea route, Binh Hung is a small island with an area of ​​less than 2km². People on the island live mainly by fishing, especially lobster farming. This place is famous for its long and wide beaches and quiet, fresh space. The sea is not deep and slightly gentle, so it is suitable for swimming and diving to see coral. Beautiful beaches that tourists should visit include Binh Tien beach, Kinh beach... Especially around the beach, there are many rocks with all shapes and vivid colors, which are ideal places for tourists to visit. sightseeing, taking pictures. In addition, Hon Chut lighthouse is also a place not to be missed for tourists who love to experience. Just follow the small road leading up Hon Bu mountain, visitors will arrive at the lighthouse that is more than 100 years old. Standing from here, visitors can admire the majestic beauty of Khanh Hoa's sea and sky. In the distance are cargo ships or small fishing boats that seem to create even more excitement behind the stillness. If you have time, visitors should visit Hang Tau, this is one of the places to shelter from storms for boats. However, this is also the nesting place of swiftlets, so it is also called Yen Island. As a small island, it only takes half a day for visitors to explore Binh Hung Island on their own. The people on the island are hospitable and will share many stories about fishing and life on the island. This will be an interesting experience to help visitors understand and love the small island of Binh Hung more. The best time to visit the island is from March to August, the weather is warm and pleasant for swimming, resting and exploring around the island.


Yang Bay Waterfall



When mentioning Nha Trang, many tourists will imagine a place with fine white sand beaches and blue sea water. However, not far from the city, there is a clear waterfall with a wild and rich ecosystem, promising to bring visitors many experiences of green space in the mountains and forests. The Yang Bay waterfall system is divided into 3 main areas with Yang Bay waterfall being the main waterfall with a height of over 80m, Yang Khang stream right next to it and Ho Cho sub-waterfall. The unique feature of Yang Bay waterfall is the flat stone blocks like a chessboard, scattered throughout the waterfall. During the pouring water season, each waterfall is like a stream of fairy hair flowing down with white foam. On a beautiful day, the drops of sunlight dancing on the clear water create sparkling streaks that are very pleasing to the eye. Yang Khang Stream compared to the main waterfall is somewhat gentler with leisurely, gurgling flows. Meanwhile, Ho Cho sub-waterfall (mother waterfall) brings its own unique features with many large water branches but is divided into two main streams, one hot stream and one cold stream. Two streams of water flow into a stream bed at the foot of the waterfall, creating an interesting hot spring bathing area, always attractive to visitors to experience. Yang Bay Waterfall is located in an eco-tourism area, so there are many interesting activities that any visitor coming here does not want to miss. First of all, there is the service of visiting tourist areas by train, suitable for families with young children. Sitting on a colorful train, children will be able to see the green areas of the mountains and forests, listen to the sounds of birds singing in the foliage, the sound of a waterfall flowing somewhere... The most anticipated moment is probably the moment Immerse yourself in the cool water, you can see the bottom of Yang Bang waterfall. Leisurely enjoy the scenery on both sides with shady trees, flower bushes by the stream that are blooming and fragrant... Besides, visitors also have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the cultural flow of the Raglai people through through special art programs. Each dancer wears traditional costumes, gracefully expressing the dance of their homeland and roots. Musical instruments made from stone and bamboo combined with the skillful hands of artist Raglai create a melodious, melodious chord; Sometimes it's low and cooing, as if bringing the listener into the music of the mountainous region. Coming to Yang Bay, through activities to experience nature - culture and local cuisine, visitors will understand more about a very different Nha Trang. This place not only has the vast ocean, but also old forests, high waterfalls flowing day and night to the sea, and very loving people... will definitely bring a memorable vacation for tourists. guest.


Dai Lanh Beach



Coming to Dai Lanh beach (Khanh Hoa), visitors will visit one of the famous places because of the beauty of the ingenious intertwining of mountains and forests with the sea. Dai Lanh Beach borders Phu Yen and Khanh Hoa provinces, 80km north of Nha Trang city. The ideal time to visit Dai Lanh beach is from January to September, when the weather is dry and pleasant, suitable for sightseeing and experiential activities. The sea is surrounded by two passes, Ca Pass in the North and Co Ma Pass in the South, perhaps that is why on days of strong waves and winds, Dai Lanh Beach is still very gentle and calm. The most impressive thing for visitors is the smooth white sand beach curved in the shape of a crescent moon surrounded by rows of green poplars. In the distance is the vast ocean, so clear that it seems like you can see the bottom. After diving to their heart's content in the cool blue sea, visitors can experience jet skiing, kayaking or fishing on boats with fishermen at sea... For tourists who prefer gentler activities. , don't forget to check in with the colorful wooden houses located next to the beach as a mischievous and interesting feature of the idyllic and pristine blue sea. Coastal fishing villages in Khai Luong, Dam Mon... are also good suggestions for tourists who want to learn about the lives of coastal people and enjoy local delicacies. Another place not to miss is Vung Ro port, famous for its numberless wharf during the war against the US. Being able to visit the place and listen to his father's heroic historical stories was a meaningful experience that made the trip more memorable. If you have the opportunity to travel to Khanh Hoa, you should come to Dai Lanh beach to discover for yourself the ingenious beauty that nature bestows here, to be amazed by the very simple scenery of clouds, sky, and trees. , quiet but pleasing to visitors.


Hon Yen



Hon Yen has a wild and peaceful beauty, promising to bring visitors relaxing moments with many attractive experiences. Visitors can enjoy the scenery of Hon Yen while walking on the white sand dunes and listening to the wind from the rows of casuarinas. Especially at low tide, visitors will admire a shimmering, colorful world of brilliant and magical coral reefs. Favored by mother nature, along the length of the country from North to South, there are countless impressive coral reefs such as Hon Mun (Nha Trang), Hon Cau (Binh Thuan) or Cu Lao Cham (Quang Nam)... So But with Hon Yen (Phu Yen), coral still has its own unique look that few places have. On the full moon day of every month, the receding tide will leave behind beautiful coral reefs, spanning an area of ​​over 12.7 hectares. At that time, visitors just need to stand on the shore to take in all their brilliance and vitality into their eyes. Hon Yen coral has all shapes and colors, seen from a distance like dancers dancing a lively dance of the sea, under the clear blue water. Occasionally, small schools of fish appear, leisurely swimming under the coral canopy. If you have a keen eye, you can also see sea cucumbers, sea urchins (or sea urchins) and starfish clinging to beautiful coral reefs. Faced with such touching scenery, it is not difficult to understand why Hon Yen always attracts tourists here every year. Because everyone wants to once see and admire the magical beauty that the Creator bestowed on the land of "yellow flowers and green grass". There are trips, not just one return. There are people who, once met, will never be forgotten. And Phu Yen is such a place! The land of beautiful and kind things, home to a "terrestrial coral paradise - Hon Yen" will satisfy any traveler who visits.


Hon Nua



Standing on the majestic Ca Pass and looking into the distance, there is a small island like a green "dinosaur" obediently sleeping in the vast sea, that is Hon Nua. Although the beauty is not noisy, it makes every travel-loving heart want to visit and explore once. Hon Nua is located at the foot of Ca Pass, which is the border between the two provinces of Phu Yen (northern half of the island) and Khanh Hoa (southern half of the island) with a mountain peak 105m above sea level. The island still retains its wild features, promising to open a new sea paradise in Phu Yen. To get to Hon Nua, visitors will stop at Bai Huong, Vung Ro to park their personal vehicle (if any), then rent a boat from people to visit the island. There are currently no people living on the island, so visitors can consider a day trip itinerary or prepare the necessary items to camp overnight. The interesting thing about Hon Nua is that the southern half of the island is covered with a lush green vegetation. Meanwhile, the northern half is steep rocky mountains, the highest peak reaching 80m above sea level with many horizontal and vertical cuts. Creating ideal conditions for thousands of swiftlets to come here to reside and nest each year. The ideal time to visit Hon Nua is from March to July. Then the weather is relatively pleasant, dry and the sea is calm. Boats move smoothly and activities to explore and experience the island take place more easily. For many young people, Hon Nua is a favorite place to camp and enjoy the fresh air. Coming here, visitors should not forget to take a dip in the clear blue water, or walk along the smooth white sand beach and listen to the sound of waves. Or you can bring fishing rods, sit on the cliff and wait for the fresh fish caught after the impromptu session. When sunset, let's quietly admire the magnificent natural scenery of clouds, mountains and sea at the lighthouse on top of Hon Nua. In addition, around Hon Nua there are many other small islands, all of which have wild features. If you have time, visitors can rent a boat to explore nearby islands and save for themselves beautiful moments with the sea and sky of Phu Yen. With a favorable geographical location and poetic beauty, Hon Nua is one of the names that always attracts tourists to visit every summer. The green island of Phu Yen will welcome you with the most natural, primitive and authentic things. Every visit will bring beautiful memories of the land and people of Phu Yen.


Tuong Long Tower Pagoda

Do Son tourist area, Hai Phong is famous for its ideal beaches and charming scenery. But few people know that on top of Long Son (Ngoc Xuyen ward), the first of nine mountains running along the Do Son peninsula, there is a cultural and historical relic thousands of years old - the Tuong Long tower.

Tuong Long Tower (also known as Do Son Tower) was built during the reign of Ly Thanh Tong. This Buddhist architectural work was built on a land area of ​​about 2,000 m2, located in Van Son ward, Do Son town. The four corners of the tower all lean to the center 190 degrees. The inside of the tower is hollow and is where the Amitabha statue is placed. The building is built of bricks and stones of different sizes. In addition to bricks, there are also bricks covering the outside of the tower shell with unique decorative arts such as lotus flowers, chrysanthemums, and lemon flowers. This decoration represents typical Ly Dynasty art. According to the book "Dai Viet History", in the year Mau Tuat 1058, King Ly Thanh Tong, after traveling across Ba Lo beach, stopped here to build a tower. Later, he dreamed of a golden dragon and gave the tower the name Tuong Long, meaning "Seeing the golden dragon appear" to remember the good omen. Some people believe that Do Son seaport is one of the cradles that received the tower here to worship Buddha. In the past, this place may have been an observatory in the "transmitting light" system. Whenever there is an incident, coastal observation stations burn dry grass to send smoke into the sky, transmitting alarm signals to the capital. Through the remaining relics, it can be seen that Tuong Long tower was built at the same time as Bao Thien tower in Thang Long citadel (now the Hanoi Opera House area). According to Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi", the old Do Son tower is 100 meters high, built on a 1000m2 area of ​​land, has 9 floors, the door opens to the west. One meter is 0.45m long, so the tower is about 0.45m high. , located on a mountain 100m above the sea, so this tower was among the highest among towers in Vietnam at that time. Tuong Long Tower was renovated and restored many times during the Tran and Le dynasties, but in In the 3rd Gia Long reign (1804), the Nguyen court demolished the tower to get bricks to build Hai Duong citadel. This proves that the ancient Tuong Long tower was extremely large and majestic. From the location of Tuong Long tower, you can see the sea. With the ships going out to sea to catch fish to bring back fresh seafood to serve tourists, seeing Do Son town with its green villages and fields, we understand why the ancients cleverly chose the construction location. Coming to Do Son, stopping by Tuong Long tower, it is impossible to forget the image of the majestic and magnificent pagoda tower, which is considered the "golden dragon descending to earth" tower.


Cu Lao Xanh



A small island in Nhon Chau commune, Quy Nhon city, Binh Dinh province, 24km northwest of Quy Nhon coast, Cu Lao Xanh, also known as Van Phi island, is considered one of the most beautiful islands. Central region, a place that is still wild and has great potential for tourism development. Cu Lao Xanh makes a strong impression on visitors at first sight, it is an absolutely "green" island as its name suggests, from the sky, sea to vegetation on the island. Even the pier, where many boats and fishing villages gather... is clear and very clean, rarely seeing trash washed ashore. Arriving at Cu Lao Xanh, the first attraction often chosen by tourists is the Cu Lao Xanh lighthouse. This is an ancient lighthouse built entirely of stone by the French more than 100 years ago, with a height of 119m above sea level, and can shine up to 50km away. Standing on top of the lighthouse, visitors can admire the panoramic view. Cu Lao Xanh is like a harmonious picture in the middle of the sea. Opposite the lighthouse is the Thanh Nien flagpole, also known as the Fatherland flagpole made of granite, built by the Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union and the Vietnamese Student Association in 2015, more than 22 meters high, with names and latitudes engraved on top. degrees and longitudes of the island. From the lighthouse and flagpole, looking out into the distance is Thao Nguyen rocky beach, a forest of natural stones of various shapes and colors, looking strange and strangely harmonious. Stone slabs scattered or stacked on top of each other in an extremely unique way are also the home and breeding place of a number of precious birds such as swallows, swiftlets... Along with Cu Lao Xanh Wharf, Cape Hoang Bang, Tien well, Thao Nguyen rocky beach with both majestic and romantic beauty, are often chosen as the favorite "check-in" places for tourists when visiting Cu Lao Xanh. Besides attractive destinations, Cu Lao Xanh has many beautiful beaches that attract tourists such as Bai Nho, Bai Dong, and Bai Nam. Although these beaches are a bit small, they all have fine white sand, clean, clear jade-colored sea water, and are especially airy and quiet, suitable for swimming and relaxing. In addition to swimming, visitors can choose other interesting experiential activities such as diving to see coral, night squid fishing, lighting campfires, camping and sleeping overnight on the sand, or trying out sensory games. Thrills such as jet skiing, canoeing, SUP... During the journey to explore Cu Lao Xanh, visitors should not forget to enjoy specialties with rich and seductive flavors such as stone crabs and snails. moon cake, anchovy pancakes, seaweed soup, myrtle wine, wild pineapple wine... The most suitable time to travel to Cu Lao Xanh is from February to September every year, at this time Cu Lao Xanh has Beautiful sunshine, calm sea, clear blue sea water, convenient for swimming and diving to see coral and sightseeing. If you want to travel in combination with experiencing the cultural beliefs of the island's residents, you can choose to visit Cu Lao Xanh on the occasion of the Cau Ngu festival (March 12 - 16 of the lunar calendar).


K50 waterfall



Located in the Kon Chu Rang nature reserve (in Binh Dinh hamlet, Son Lang commune, K'Bang district, Gia Lai province), spanning the boundary between Gia Lai and Binh Dinh provinces, K50 waterfall is considered a princess. The Lord is hidden among the mountains and forests of the Central Highlands because of its wild, pure beauty. K50 waterfall has a height of more than 50m and is considered one of the most beautiful waterfalls in the Central Highlands. The waterfall is also called Hang En waterfall, because behind the waterfall is a large stone cave that is home to thousands of wild swallows. To reach K50 waterfall, visitors will have to conquer a long distance, weaving through small paths nestled in the forest, crossing streams and rocky rapids to see this magnificent waterfall with their own eyes. Perhaps because not many people set foot here, K50 waterfall still retains its characteristic wildness. Although the name is not very pretty, simply K50, when seeing the beauty of the waterfall with your own eyes, visitors will definitely change their mind. K50 Waterfall has a beauty that is both pristine and magical, looking from afar like a sparkling silver silk strip amidst the green of the vast mountains and forests. Cool, refreshing steam radiates from the white foaming waterfall. At the foot of the waterfall are stone blocks with many interesting shapes, stacked on top of each other to form unique stairs. All combine into an extremely vivid and impressive natural picture, giving visitors a series of indescribable emotions mixed with a bit of overwhelm and surprise. From January to June is the best time of the year to conquer K50 waterfall. During this time the weather is dry, with little rain. If you are a nature lover and passionate about exploration, try the journey to conquer K50 waterfall to admire the priceless gift that nature bestows on this land. .


Da Dia Rapids



Ghenh Da Dia is a famous landscape of Phu Yen because of its majestic and unique beauty. Formed 200 hundred million years ago, the prismatic rocks here are glossy black and stacked spectacularly as if arranged by the hands of nature. This place is blessed by nature with poetic, lyrical beauty, harmonious mountains and water, beautiful like a watercolor painting. Anyone who has ever been to and loved the beautiful land of Phu Yen will never forget the moment of walking along. Stretching white sand beaches, sipping rustic gifts filled with human love, or moments of silence watching the sunset radiate across the sky at Ghenh Da Dia. The beauty of the light, the sky and the long stretch of ancient rocks create a poetic and majestic scene, like a surreal painting. There are not many places in the world that possess special rocky terrain like Ghenh Da Dia and Phu Yen. Here, millions of years ago, a volcano erupted strongly, and lava flowed smoldering toward the sea. When the heat of the lava meets the cold air of the sea, it freezes and cracks into the honeycomb-shaped rock blocks we see today. Looking back from afar, Ghenh Da Dia looks like the keys on an ancient piano that someone forgot in the open air. Each block of rock is stacked close together, stretching along the pristine beach. The altitude is also different, the closer you get to the sea, the lower the rocks become. Over time, the waves crashing against the shore have made the rapids more quiet and quiet. But it doesn't take away the beauty and poetry of a flower still in spring. So that anyone, whether far or near, wants to come and see, to love more what mother nature has given to the land of Phu Yen. With majestic scenery, Ghenh Da Dia, Phu Yen deserves to be one of the beautiful natural wonders of Vietnam. A place that everyone wishes to visit once, to preserve sparkling pictures of the land of "yellow flowers and green grass".


Bai Xep



Coming to Bai Xep, Phu Yen, visitors will admire the beautiful natural scenery, with golden sunshine, blue sea and smooth white sand stretching as far as the eye can see. Located 14km north of Tuy Hoa city, the road to Bai Xep (An Chan commune, Tuy An district) is very easy to go. Visitors can choose to go by car or motorbike depending on their transportation needs. Looking back from afar, Bai Xep brings both mysterious and wild beauty. This place was originally a complex consisting of a 500m long beach, at the beginning and end of the beach are two rocky rapids, of which Ghenh Ong is best known to many tourists thanks to realistic films depicting the simple yet vivid beauty through the series. movie "I see yellow flowers on green grass". In Phu Yen, there are two distinct rainy and dry seasons. Every season, Bai Xep takes on new looks. From February to August, there is little rain and light sunshine, then Bai Xep has a rustic beauty from the green of the cactus bushes reaching out to the sea, the yellow of the dry grass slopes or the greasy white of the sandy beach. smooth in the distance. Entering the rainy season, the grass and trees look lush again, covering Bai Xep with a bright green color full of vitality. Each season brings different beauty, so depending on your preferences, visitors should choose the most suitable time to visit. One of the interesting activities that tourists love when coming to Bai Xep is diving freely in the clear blue water. The water is so blue that you can see the bottom, with waves that are not too big and there are beautiful leaf huts built by people in the middle of the beach to help visitors rest and relax. Then don't forget to enjoy dishes with ingredients made from fresh seafood that nature brings to this land. Perhaps it is because of its simplicity that makes people remember forever that the land and people of Phu Yen have inspired many poets and writers to write about it. From there, we will bring to readers excellent works, urging everyone to once come to Bai Xep, to Phu Yen. This place will certainly welcome visitors with the mysterious beauty of nature and the kind hearts of people.


Pho Chieu Pagoda

Pho Chieu Pagoda (also known as Pha Chieu Pagoda, Chieu Pagoda) is located in a large area of ​​land in Du Hang Kenh ward, Le Chan district, Hai Phong city. This is not only an address for spiritual religious activities of the people of Port City but also a cultural and tourist address that attracts tourists from all over. Currently, the pagoda still retains a number of ancient terracotta and stone relics.

In the "Buddhist flower garden" of Hai Phong city, Pho Chieu pagoda is not as famous, majestic or has a long history like the Red pagoda (Ngo Quyen district), Thap Tuong Long pagoda (Do Son district), Trang Kenh pagoda (Thuy Nguyen district), Du Hang pagoda (Le Chan district), Cao Linh pagoda (An Duong district). Even considering its history, this temple was born quite late. In 1953, monk Ngo Chan Tu, from Cao Mai village, Kien Xuong district, Thai Binh province, came to "settle the temple", built a pagoda and became an abbot there. At first, the pagoda was called Tam Giao Duong, worshiping three religions: Buddhism, Confucianism and Taoism. This is a common feature in Vietnamese temples, it shows religious harmony (three religions of the same origin) and national harmony. Although the pagoda was established less than 60 years ago, it already has the essence of a blue, deep, ancient place with an architectural style imbued with the traditional style of an ancient temple. According to the history of Pho Chieu pagoda, after a year of construction, in 1954, Venerable Thich Thanh Quang, of the Lam Te Zen sect, came from Vong Cung pagoda in Nam Dinh province to become abbot. Venerable Thich Thanh Quang converted Tam Giao Pagoda into a Buddhist temple, renaming it Pho Chieu Pagoda. Through the ups and downs of time as well as natural disasters and wars, the old temple has been degraded and many items have been damaged. In 1985, Pho Chieu Pagoda underwent a major restoration. Especially since Venerable Thich Thanh Giac became the abbot, he expanded and built the temple to have the spacious and majestic appearance it has today. People and tourists who visit all have the same impression that this is a beautiful temple with unique architecture. The pagoda was built on a large area of ​​land facing east, arranged in the architectural style of the letter "cong" (I) including 5 front halls, 3 morning glory rooms and 3 back palace rooms. Currently, in addition to the gong-shaped architecture (I) of the main temple, the pagoda also builds left and right vu. The highlight of the pagoda is that inside the pagoda there is a small pagoda built in the middle of the lake, simulating the architectural style of the One Pillar Pagoda in Hanoi. The four corners of the lake are embossed with the image of four dragons crawling up from under the water and heading towards that small pagoda, making the pagoda's scenery both solemn and modern. Every year on the holidays of Buddha's Birthday (full moon day in April), Thuong Nguyen (full moon day in January), Vu Lan (full moon day in July)... and the first full moon days of every month, Pho Chieu Pagoda attracts a large number of followers and people. People come to pray for blessings. Here, Venerable Thich Thanh Giac organized monthly Buddhist recitation retreats, taught Buddhist teachings to the ashrams, and propagated the Dharma to thousands of Buddhists. This is also the place where many charity activities are organized, creating fields of blessing for thousands of believers, businessmen, and groups of believers who donate merit and have the heart to sow peace, save suffering, and save lives. When visiting Pho Chieu Pagoda, visitors do not forget to walk to the tower garden to burn incense to commemorate the senior monks who lived here. The tower garden is located to the right of the pagoda, where the relics of senior monks are placed. On the left side of the pagoda, there is a 9-storey nine-level Lien Hoa tower. At the top of the tower is a wine gourd symbolizing the Cam Lo water gourd of Avalokiteshvara placed on a lotus. On the roof of the front hall, there is a large jar of wine, on both sides of the front gable are square squares, on each square are 5 small wine gourds representing the "coexistence" of the three religions of Buddhism - Taoism - Confucianism. . Like many pagodas in our country, during the nation's two wars to defend the country, Pho Chieu Pagoda was the red address of the revolution, contributing to hiding resistance officers. So this pagoda, in addition to being a place to worship Buddha and a place for people's religious activities, is also a place with many historical marks of Hai Phong city during the nation's resistance period. With beautiful, peaceful landscape and unique architecture, along with tourists and Buddhists, photographers and amateur photographers also come to Pho Chieu Pagoda as a beautiful and attractive place to visit. Find creative inspiration, hunt for unique artistic photo angles.


Red Pagoda (Linh Do Tu)

Located right in the heart of the red poinciana city, located on Le Lai street, deep in a quite hidden alley and surrounded by residential areas, Red Pagoda (Linh Do Tu) is a famous spiritual address. tourists' hearts. Once upon a time, during the war, the king went to fight in this land. The kitchen in the temple suddenly glowed red. The people thought it was strange so they called the pagoda the Red Pagoda. When King Hung Dao Vuong passed away, people built two more shrines next to the pagoda to commemorate him.

After many restorations and repairs, the Red Pagoda has become increasingly larger in area and has the modern scale it has today. Before the resistance war against the French, the pagoda was said to be the most beautiful in this area and the city map was engraved here. But after the war, the temple suffered heavy damage. The pagoda has the most special architecture that few pagodas have. With ancient architecture, Diem Huong Dau has 3 floors and 20 roofs. The pagoda's structure also includes 3 main parts: Front Hall, Middle Hall and Back Palace. The front hall, middle hall and back palace are connected together and are handled by two intersecting roofs. That combination makes the temple even more beautiful, majestic and magnificent. The ideal height of the Red Pagoda is up to 26m. Tien Duong Roof is designed with a 7-storey tower 5m high, the base of the tower is 1.2m high, above the tower there is a lotus, inside the lotus there is a 5m high flagpole to hang the flag during the festival season. The Middle Hall has rows of lemon flowers carved with a double row of leaves made of ancient blue enamel running along the roof of the pagoda. On each double card there is the temple's symbol. The harem has two levels of wooden roof, in the middle of the roof there is a Bodhi leaf (1.20m high) like a flickering flame, representing the purity and clarity of Buddhism, monks and nuns, and good-minded Buddhists. rescue suffering, rescue. Around the roof are double leaves, made of special material, in the middle are decorated with many surrounding light bulbs and are lit during major holidays. Green stone is the main material that makes up the main face of the pagoda. The pagoda's columns are decorated with dragons, imbuing the artistic identity of the Ly Tran Dynasty. The main hall consists of 4 stone pillars about 50 cm in diameter, 4.2 m high and carved with Long Phuong symmetrically curving to both sides, between the pillars are carved stone railings "Tung - Truc - Chrysanthemum". – Mai” is manifested in Dragon form. The lower pedestal is covered with stone carved with clouds and lotus flowers blooming, the base of the pagoda is built on a giant lotus flower with the meaning of Padmasambhava. The Buddha statue of Shakyamuni Buddha is an artistic masterpiece and the largest wooden statue in Vietnam. The statue is 5m5 high, sitting on a 2m90 high lotus throne, consisting of 500 lotus petals painted with gold and carved with Tran Dynasty patterns. Behind the statue is the 11m high City of Ten Thousand Buddhas, consisting of 1,111 small gilded Buddha statues nestled in Bodhi leaves put together to form borders, symbolizing the boundless Dharma world... This pagoda has the most gigantic architecture and visited by many people every year, the center of Buddhist sacred places. At the beginning of the year, city people often come here to burn incense and pray for a peaceful new year. Tourists from all over come from strange lands to enjoy the pagoda and pray for a year of peace and luck. Tours are arranged and this place is chosen as the most respectful center at the beginning of the year.


Tilted Wharf - Wharf without a number

Ben Nghieng was built by the French colonialists with an intention to invade, but was the place that witnessed the last French soldiers withdraw from the city. Too much time has passed, but Ben Nghieng still endures, marking a milestone in the nation's history of resistance against foreign invaders...

In December 1946, the French colonialists returned to conquer Do Son. At that time, the French colonialists received support from the United States in many aspects such as money, weapons, and military means, so they plotted to expand the war, increase repression, raids, and terrorism to extinguish the war. the resistance of our people. To serve the long-term war plans, in addition to using other ports built before, in 1950 they built a military wharf at Do Son to gather and transport war vehicles such as Guns, ammunition, tanks, and amphibious vehicles were assembled from open-mouthed ships at sea. That's why they built a pier from the shore to the water's edge to facilitate transportation, and people used to call it Ben Nghieng. Do Son people have witnessed amphibious vehicles (they call them toad vehicles) swimming from the sea to Ben Nghieng with their mouths open. Because Ben Nghieng was a shallow water military port that could not allow large ships to enter but was part of De Cat's plan, the French colonialists also had a plan to dredge the channel to allow large ships to enter and exit, but they encountered fierce resistance. guerrillas and soldiers, so this intention of the French colonialists did not come true. After the defeat at Dien Bien Phu, according to the Geneva Accords, Hai Phong and Do Son were in the 300-day staging area for the French army and on May 15, at Ben Nghieng, a French military transport ship was waiting to deploy. welcomed the defeated army in Indochina. From here, Hai Phong and the North were cleared of enemies and from this day, Ben Nghieng became a relic proving the victory of the resistance war against the French colonialists. Many elderly people in Do Son who witnessed that moment still vividly remember the image of the defeated army carrying rudimentary backpacks walking down to the wharf to board the ship, ending 80 years of invading Vietnam. During the years of fighting against the American invaders, especially the war against the blockade at Hai Phong seaports, Ben Nghieng played an important role in supplying oil and goods to the Hon Dau lighthouse, because it was considered the pearl eye of the sea that shines every night to guide ships in and out of Hai Phong port. Realizing the importance of Hon Dau, the American imperialists increased their efforts to destroy the guiding temple, but from Ben Nghieng, ships still regularly transported goods to Hon Dau and the Hon Dau lighthouse was always lit. After the country's reunification, Ben Nghieng again promoted its role in serving seafood production and fishing and is now a tourist wharf taking tourists to visit Hon Dau, Cat Ba, Ha Long... In the process Existing for more than 50 years, Ben Nghieng marks the development steps of Do Son through the ages, containing important values ​​in the process of history in the land and people on the Eastern Sea of ​​the Fatherland. Today, Ben Nghieng has become a focal point of a new tourist route in Do Son. It is an ecological and cultural tourism route combining beliefs of Ben Nghieng - Hon Dau. From Ben Nghieng, visitors will get off the cruise ship, just over 20 minutes on the sea, making friends with the gentle waves that have set foot on the island. Hon Dau is quiet and solemn. Coming to Hon Dau island, visitors will visit the temple of the Great King of the South and visit the lighthouse on the island. Stepping up the spiral wooden staircase of about 100 steps to the corridor of the lighthouse, looking out to the sea, visitors will see Do Son mountain looming in the distance. With this tourist route, Do Son attracts tens of thousands more tourists to visit and the Ben Nghieng - Hon Dau tourist route is the starting point in the sea tourism route in Do Son.


Ha Long Bay

Location: Ha Long Bay is located in the northeastern region of Vietnam, part of the west coast of the Gulf of Tonkin, including the waters of Ha Long city, Cam Pha city and part of Van Don island district, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: Twice recognized by UNESCO as a World Natural Heritage Ha Long Bay possesses outstanding aesthetic and geomorphological values, and has been recognized by UNESCO many times as a World Natural Heritage. For a long time, Ha Long Bay has become an attractive international destination. Many domestic and international tourists wish to admire this beautiful natural wonder at least once in their lives.




Ba Be Lake

Location: Ba Be Lake near Cho Ra town, Ba Be district, Bac Kan province, 70km from Bac Kan city. Characteristics: Ba Be is the largest natural lake in Northern Vietnam between shale and limestone areas. Ba Be Lake is located in Ba Be National Park, in Nam Mau commune, Ba Be district, far from the city center. Bac Kan is about 75km northwest and more than 220km north of Hanoi. Local people call Ba Be Slam Pé, meaning three lakes. This name comes from the fact that the lake is the confluence of three tributaries of Pe Lam, Pe Lu and Pe Leng rivers.




Queen Beach

Location: Located in Ghenh Rang area, about 3km southeast of Quy Nhon city center. Characteristics: Hoang Hau Beach is considered the most beautiful beach in Binh Dinh province.

Located in the territory of Ghenh Rang - an interesting tourist destination of Binh Dinh, about 3km southeast of Quy Nhon city, Hoang Hau Beach is considered one of the beautiful beaches famous for its wild and charming beauty. drooping. Legend has it that, while following King Bao Dai to visit the Central provinces, Queen Nam Phuong chose this place as her own beach. And Queen Beach's name comes from here. Queen Beach is as beautiful and elegant as its name suggests. Anyone who comes here is impressed by the round, smooth green rocks that look like giant bird eggs stacked on top of each other on the beach. In front of the beach are natural stone walls that shield the waves, creating calm waters. Behind the beach are lovely motels that stand out among the trees and flowers. Hoang Hau Restaurant is beautifully and spaciously built, making the scenery here even more poetic. Here visitors can swim, fish, climb mountains, explore the charming beauty of Ghenh Rang or rest, watch the vast ocean, and enjoy fresh seafood specialties such as snails, oysters, crabs, crab, squid, shrimp, fish... and many other unique dishes.


Ma Pi Leng Pass

Ma Pi Leng Pass, also known as Ma Pi Leng, Ma Pi Leng (meaning "horse's nose bridge") is known as the king of passes in the Northwest mountains, a dangerous pass about 20km long, belonging to Pa Vi and Pai Lung communes, Meo Vac district and Ta Lung commune, Dong Van district.




Quan Ba ​​Twin Mountains

Traveling about 40km from Ha Giang city to the North, through the Bac Sum slope area, visitors are amazed by the landscape of Quan Ba ​​Twin Mountains (also known as Co Tien Mountain) located on Highway 4C, Tam Son town, Quan Ba ​​district. Having existed for millions of years, the two mountains have a symmetrical round shape, located close to each other, appearing uniquely among the rolling Northwest mountains and forests and intermingled terraced fields, adding a lively touch to the natural scene. both magnificent and magical, majestic and wild. Each season, this place puts on a captivating color: brightly colored flowers in spring, green rice fields in summer, golden ripe rice in autumn, and the pure pink of buckwheat flower beds. January-March and August-September are the most ideal times to admire the land full of life with brilliant colors, stretching endlessly. Stopping by Quan Ba ​​Heaven Gate at a height of 1,500m above sea level, visitors can freely admire Tam Son town, in the distance are the magically beautiful Quan Ba ​​twin mountains, immersed in the cool weather. , fresh air, peaceful natural scenery.




Thac Bo Cave

- Location: located on the slopes of Chua mountain, on the bank of Da river, in Bung hamlet, Ngoi Hoa commune, Tan Lac district, Hoa Binh province. - Characteristics: The cave has beautiful scenery and is located in the sacred Thac Bo temple complex.

From City. Hoa Binh, follow Highway 6 south for more than 20km to Cao Phong town, turn right and continue a little further, visitors will arrive at Thung Nai tourist boat wharf (Thung Nai commune). From here, tourists board a boat and travel up the Da River about 17km to reach Ngoc wharf at the foot of Chua mountain. During the low water season, visitors have to climb nearly 100 stone steps to reach the cave entrance. During the high water season, just go from the boat to the floating house and then cross the pontoon bridge to be able to admire the beautiful scenery of the cave. . From the cave entrance, visitors can look out into the distance to see the vast Da River and the rolling, undulating mountain ranges. The reason the cave is called Thac Bo is because the cave is located next to Bo waterfall (also known as Van Bo waterfall or Hoa rapids). Thac Bo Cave is more than 100m deep, with the widest part of the cave being more than 20m, divided into 3 areas. From the cave entrance, visitors will come to a reception area with rows of stone benches to sit, rest and watch. scene. This area has a high ceiling, quite wide cave, and airy space. On the cave wall, stalactites form large clusters, hanging down. Among them, making a special impression on visitors is the large stalactite shaped like a carp turning into a dragon or a human figure nearly 2 meters high. Crossing a small 30m long bridge spanning a small lake, visitors will reach the central area. This place is likened to a "stone forest" because of the convergence of layers and layers of stalactites and stalactites with interesting shapes rising from the bottom of the cave and hanging down from the ceiling. Some places look like bright beams of lights, some places look like a forest of colorful flowers, some places look like cactus bushes with sharp thorns... In particular, in the middle of this area there is a stone pillar about 10 meters high, surrounding it. Surrounded by layers of low, heaving stone columns. From the central area, step up the stone steps with a length of about 50m, visitors will reach the Buddha worship area, about 30m long, about 15m wide, high domed ceiling, cool space and stalactites shaped like enemies like Buddha statues. This area also has an altar to worship Buddha and the gods who govern the area. Thac Bo Cave was recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism as a national monument in 2007.


Cai Chien Island

- Location: Quang Dien commune, Hai Ha district, Quang Ninh province - Characteristics: a pristine island, attractive to tourists who love to explore




Dai Cai Temple - Black Y Mountain

- Location: Dai Cai temple relic complex is located on provincial road 134, in Tan Linh commune, Luc Yen district, 80km from Yen Bai city. - Characteristics: This cluster of relics includes Dai Cai temple, Nha Bau citadel, and Hac Y mountain.

Dai Cai Temple is located at the foot of Black King Mountain, on the right is Chay River, in front is Dai Cai Stream. Legend has it that the temple was built more than 300 years ago, worshiping Mrs. Vu Thi Ngoc Anh - a female military general who was a leader under Queen Le. She was awarded the title of General Soldier by the court, and later was awarded the title of female general by the king. She was the one who built ramparts to fight against the Mac Dynasty invaders and was also the one who established the market for the people of this area. The temple has beautiful architecture, complete with worshiping objects such as bronze incense bowls and gilded altars. In particular, the stones that support communal house and temple columns are carved with moons, lotus flowers, and leaves, each weighing more than 100kg. The temple has bronze gongs, bronze bells, and the ordination of King Canh Phong and King Tu Duc. In 2001, the temple was ranked as a national monument. Every year on the 16th day of each month, the Dai Cai temple festival is held. Standing at Dai Cai temple, you can see Hac Y mountain, on the mountain there are gardens, fish ponds, fairy chess boards... Legend has it that God Hac Y was a general during the Tran dynasty, who had meritorious service in fighting the enemy, was injured, and then returned to "transform" here. Included in the cluster of relics is Nha Bau citadel, a land citadel, a horse training ground,... a place where soldiers were trained during a glorious time in the nation's history.


Hanoi Zoo

- Location: Ba Dinh district, Hanoi; The main gate of the zoo looks out onto Cau Giay street - Buoi street, the side gate outside the gate of Voi Phuc temple goes to Cau Giay street. - Characteristics: is a large entertainment area of ​​Hanoi Capital.

Hanoi Zoo is also known as Thu Le Zoo or Thu Le Park, about 5km west of the city center, at the corner of Kim Ma street, Cau Giay street, Buoi street, Dao Tan street and Nguyen Van Ngoc street, adjacent to visitors. Daewoo Hotel. The zoo was built in 1975 and completed in 1976. Hanoi Zoo is located on the territory of Thu Le village, an ancient village dating back to the Ly Dynasty (11th century). The legend of this village is associated with the legend of Thanh Linh Lang, worshiped in the Voi Phuc temple, right at the west gate of the Zoo. Therefore, this area is not only an entertainment destination but also a historical relic and a religious place of Hanoi people. With an area of ​​about 29 hectares, the Zoo is built on a quite beautiful terrain: there is a lake and land edges running along the lake shore like a flock of dragons and snakes chasing each other; Bo Mountain, Voi Phuc Temple under dense shade, contain many legends. The construction works in the Zoo are small in scale, low in height and construction density, the architecture is in harmony with green trees, water surface... Thu Le Zoo is divided into many areas: Reptile area for raising snakes, strange areas, etc. Dao, crocodile... This area is located on a strip of land with a lake, creating caves suitable for the life of each species. The bird area has peacocks, pheasants, lovebirds, cranes, storks, cranes, songbirds such as nightingales, babblers... This area runs along the entrance to Voi Phuc temple. The wild animal area includes tigers, leopards, lions, bears... with a cave-like cage system. The northern part of the park is a large garden to raise hundreds of hoofed animals such as deer, goats, etc. The barn is built with space in front for the animals to move around, creating a style close to nature. nature for animals. Before Hanoi Zoo was completed, animals were raised at Hanoi Botanical Garden. In 1975, the Zoo received animals from Bach Thao with only 30 species and nearly 300 individuals. Among them, there are mainly deer, 4 elephants, 2 tigers, 2 leopards... and some other birds, animals, and small reptiles. Since 1993, the Zoo joined the Southeast Asian Association of Zoos (SEAZA) and expanded its cooperative relationship with Zoos and International Conservation Organizations such as WWF (International Fund for Nature Conservation), WPA (World Pheasant Conservation)... Some exotic species are exchanged with the Parks such as: Amua Tiger, Wild Horse, African Ostrich, American Ostrich, Orangutan... which has increased the birth Species on display attract visitors to the garden. Through years of conservation, collection, raising, breeding..., the Zoo has more than 40 rare endemic species on Vietnam's red list such as: Indochinese tiger, clouded leopard, fire leopard, civet. zebras, leopards, white-tailed pheasants, pheasant birds, Tam Dao toadfish... Among the animals on display, there are many species with historical significance that are highly appreciated by visitors such as: A pair of cranes Japan - Prime Minister Kim Il Sung's (DPRK) gift to Uncle Ho from 1960 still exists today; General Vo Nguyen Giap's pair of pythons; Nai Vientiane of Prime Minister Pham Van Dong; Civets and crocodiles of Lieutenant General Commander of the Truong Son army - Dinh Duc Thien... donated to the Zoo to display for people to see, leaving a mark in the history of the Zoo's development. From initially having only 3 areas, 5 display points with a modest area of ​​1,350m², the Zoo now has 6 conservation areas, 47 display points and a total animal cage area of ​​12,800m². Compared to the initial period of establishing the Park, the number of animal species has tripled and the number of individuals has doubled. Currently, Thu Le Zoo has nearly 600 individuals of more than 100 species including: 35 species of mammals, 50 species of birds, 5 species of amphibians and reptiles, 40 species of saltwater fish. Thu Le Zoo not only has an entertainment function but also has a green area, contributing to improving the environment and climate for the region and the city. In addition to the 20.4 hectares on the Zoo campus that have been upgraded with trees, flower gardens, and lawns, from 1993 to present, the Zoo also maintains and manages more than 100,000 m² of lawns, more than 3000 m² of flower beds, Nearly 4,000 shade trees and thousands of square meters of ornamental fences, ornamental plants..., become the green lungs of the city. The children's play area combined in the green area has games such as seesaw, ferris wheel, slide, sand bed... In the Zoo there is a small circus for children including: monkey circus, dog circus and fish circus. crocodile. In the green areas, additional service facilities are also built such as rest houses, shelters, souvenir shops, refreshment shops... In addition, there is also a pedestrian bridge across the lake connecting from The main zoo goes to the island and from the island to the relic site for convenient travel for visitors. The island is a quiet green area for visitors to rest and admire the scenery, with a number of small animal cages interspersed. Each year Thu Le Zoo welcomes about 1.5 to 2 million tourists. Especially on weekends or holidays, the Zoo welcomes thousands of visitors to visit and relax. Children are especially excited when their parents take them to see animals like in fairy tales and play engaging and exciting games in the Zoo. Thu Le Zoo has become a familiar address for Hanoi people every weekend and is one of the hard-to-miss destinations for tourists returning to the Capital.


Hong Van ornamental creature craft village tourist destination

Hong Van Ornamental Animal Village is located in the east of Thuong Tin district, about 20km south of Hanoi center. Located in the suburbs and green belt of Hanoi Capital, Hong Van fully converges the pure and peaceful beauty of a peri-urban village with the characteristics of the Red River Delta agriculture.

Famous for growing flowers and ornamental plants since the 80s, with many ornamental works of great artistic value and a team of young skilled artisans. When coming to Hong Van Ornamental Craft Village, visitors will be able to visit and enjoy unique artistic bonsai works as well as interact and chat with artisans at the Craft Village. In addition, visitors can also participate in the experience of "a day as an artisan" activity. Here, visitors will be able to interact and create with craft village artisans. They can create, cut, prune, shape and name their own ornamental plant products. Visitors will be able to leisurely walk on the Red River dike. Walking along the dike, visitors can enjoy the beautiful and peaceful scenery here. A wide expanse of green, in the distance are lush green vegetable fields. The colorful flower village with more than 50 types of precious Infrared flowers is adorned with straight rows of landscape trees along the roadside. Farms raise livestock, grow fruit trees and enjoy agricultural products of the alluvial land along the Red River. In addition to walking and admiring the scenery, visitors can take an electric car or cycle around the village to visit the Craft Village; chat with artisans and Craft Village residents; Participate in experiencing activities (gardening, planting and caring for flowers, shaping ornamental plants, fishing, folk games...) Visitors will feel the friendliness and hospitality of honest farmers. rural nature and immerse yourself in the production labor process like real farmers. Enjoy country products at the culinary model, take souvenir photos at flower gardens, tree rows, landscapes in the commune and garden houses,... In addition to sightseeing activities, enjoy delicious dishes. typical meals and interactions with local people. During the visit and experience journey, visitors will enjoy and shop for local products such as flowers, fruits, refined agricultural products, and small goods. handicrafts at garden houses, shopping centers... Coming to Hong Van Ornamental Craft Village, visitors will feel the openness, hospitality, sincerity, thoughtfulness,... of the people here. , listen to people share and guide the skills of making flowers, ornamental plants and products that you will get when returning to the land and people of Hong Van.


Van Tu garment village tourist destination

Van Tu is a commune located in the southwest of Phu Xuyen district, Hanoi city. From a low-lying countryside with the main occupations being agricultural production and animal husbandry, today, Van Tu commune has become a famous craft commune near and far.

Van Tu commune has a total of 10 villages, including two main villages making suits and vests: Tu Thuan village and Chung village. Currently, the commune has about 1,500 households, about 70-80% of whom work, this is the main source of income for Van Tu people. What's special is that sewing suits and vests is both a job for main workers and a part-time job for side workers. Adults, the elderly, and children can all participate in the suit and vest production stages. . The suit sewing profession is widespread throughout the commune. Thanks to their diligence and ingenuity, from the foundations left by their ancestors, Van Tu traditional tailors have designed and cut modern products that still retain traditional features. has satisfied the most demanding guests. Van Tu suits have built a brand and trust with domestic customers and a number of other countries around the world.


Tourist destination of Chuyen My pearl mosaic - lacquer craft village

Chuyen My commune, Phu Xuyen district has long been famous for its traditional mother-of-pearl mosaic craft. The commune has 7 villages, all 7 villages are recognized as craft villages of mother-of-pearl mosaic, lacquer, processing of mother-of-pearl mosaic materials... The traditional pearl mosaic craft has been creating breakthroughs, bringing high economic benefits. for the people here.

Come to Chuyen My craft commune when the production facilities, artisans, and people here are focusing on completing the final stages of mother-of-pearl inlay and lacquer products to participate in display and introduction at the Honor Festival. Famous for the traditional craft village of making suits in Van Tu commune, we can see all the talent, sophistication, and meticulousness of the workers here. Production facilities and mother-of-pearl mosaic workers are working quickly to create sophisticated works of high artistic value. Mr. Vu Quoc Thuong - Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee - Chairman of the People's Committee (People's Committee) of Chuyen My commune, said: At the Festival honoring the traditional suit making craft village of Van Tu commune in 2019, Chuyen My commune had 19 establishments register to participate in displaying and introducing traditional mother-of-pearl mosaic products. For many days now, establishments and craft workers have been actively preparing to bring the most beautiful and unique products to the festival. According to the family tree of Chuon Ngo village, the pearl mosaic craft here appeared from around the 11th century to the 13th century. The founder of the craft currently worshiped in the village is Mr. Truong Cong Thanh - a talented military general during the Ly Dynasty (1009 - 1225). Legend has it that Truong Cong Thanh was a talented deputy general of King Ly. After repelling the invaders, he was greatly rewarded by the king and at the end of his life he lived a rich and elegant life, often traveling to the mountains. Water. One time, he happened to go to the stream bank and picked up pieces of clam shells and snail shells with many strange iridescent colors. He took them home to study, try to assemble those materials and create patterns. very lively. Gradually, he started a career for the people in the area, creating a pearl inlay profession for the people in Chuon Ngo and the craft village was widely developed throughout Chuyen My commune today. In the past, Chuyen My craftsmen mainly made horizontal panels and couplets in churches and temples, decorated motifs on mahogany shelves and tea cabinets, or created wall paintings adapted from the Three Kingdoms stories. "pine, bamboo, chrysanthemum, apricot" ... With time and the trend of integration, the mother-of-pearl mosaic artists here have gradually improved their skills to create more sophisticated and technical paintings such as mountain landscapes. water, portraying portraits... The main materials to make the product are cleaned clam and snail shells; cut, split, smooth, flatten. The "inanimate and inanimate" pieces of clam shells and snail shells, through the hands of the mosaic worker, attached to objects and paintings, have become masterpieces of high artistic value. As the owner of a pearl and snail inlay facility in Chuon Thuong village, young artisan Vu Ngoc Oanh is always proud to be a generation following his father's traditional profession. According to Mr. Oanh: To have a mother-of-pearl mosaic product, the craftsman must go through many stages. At each step, workers must be very careful and meticulous. “To develop craft villages, Chuyen My commune has been developing traditional craft villages combined with tourism at craft village sites. Establish a project to renovate infrastructure to serve craft village tourism, better serving tourism needs; Strengthen trade promotion and tourism promotion," said Mr. Vu Quoc Thuong - Chairman of Chuyen My Commune People's Committee. Through many ups and downs, the pearl mosaic craft in Chuyen My is still passed down and developed by many generations of people. The number of skilled and stable artisans and workers in craft villages is increasing day by day. Currently, the mother-of-pearl mosaic artists in Chuyen My are gradually improving their skills, creating many sophisticated, high-tech mother-of-pearl and snail mosaic products that are not only famous domestically but also internationally. Steps to turn Chuyen My into one of the craft village tourism destinations of Phu Xuyen district.


Hoa Lo Prison Historical Relics tourist destination

At the handmade ceramic village of Vinh Khanh village, Vinh Xuong district, Tho Xuong, Hanoi, where the French colonialists chose to build Hoa Lo prison in 1896. Hoa Lo prison has the French name "Maison". Centrale", meaning "Central Detention Center" or also known as "Hanoi Prison". This is where the French colonialists imprisoned and tortured both mentally and physically patriotic soldiers and revolutionaries. Many Party and State leaders were once detained here.

Today, Hoa Lo Prison is located at No. 1, Hoa Lo Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi. This is a central area so getting around is quite easy. The total initial construction area of ​​Hoa Lo prison is about 12,000 square meters, making it the largest and most solid prison in the Indochina region. Today, Hoa Lo is just over 2,400 square meters, retained and preserved to serve tourists or those who want to learn and see firsthand what a colonial prison was like. - Areas A and B: are the detention areas for prisoners under investigation, unimportant prisoners or those who violate prison discipline. - Area C: For French or foreign prisoners. - Area D: For prisoners awaiting death penalty. Hoa Lo Prison currently displays many documents and artifacts reflecting the brutal torture and arduous lives of Vietnamese political prisoners while detained here. You can visit the Memorial of patriotic revolutionary soldiers who heroically sacrificed their lives at Hoa Lo Prison for the independence and freedom of the Vietnamese people. It can be said that Hoa Lo Prison is a historical relic marking many pains and sacrifices of heroes. If you have the opportunity to come to Hanoi, you should take the time to visit this place to feel it more clearly. In addition, when visiting Hoa Lo prison you can also visit Quan Su Pagoda and Hoan Kiem Lake.


Bat Trang pottery village

- Location: Bat Trang commune, Gia Lam district, Hanoi, more than 10km southeast of the capital center. - Characteristics: This is a traditional craft village famous for ceramic products.

According to Dai Viet Complete History and Nguyen Trai's Du Dia Chi, Bat Trang pottery village was formed during the Ly Dynasty. When King Ly Thai To moved the capital from Hoa Lu to Thang Long, 5 famous pottery families of Bo Bat village, Yen Mo district, Truong Yen district (now Yen Mo district, Ninh Binh province) were Tran, Vuong, and Truong Yen. Nguyen, Le, and Pham decided to take the ceramic artists and their families from the village to the capital city of Thang Long to find land to start a business. Coming to Bach Tho ward, Gia Lam district, Thuan An district (now Bat Trang commune, Gia Lam district, Hanoi) - where there is a good source of raw materials for making pottery, white clay, 5 families have combined with the The Nguyen family here opened a ceramic kiln, establishing Bat Trang pottery village. Bat Trang ceramics are mostly produced by hand, demonstrating the creative talent of the workers. The ivory white, opaque glaze and the descriptive pattern of Bat Trang ceramics are highly appreciated by customers for their artistic qualities. Therefore, ancient Bat Trang ceramic products have very high economic value and are kept in a number of domestic and international museums. To create ceramic products, artisans must first soak the clay in a system of 4 tanks at different heights for about 3-4 months to remove some impurities, then use the clay to shape the ceramic products. The product is then "annealed" and reshaped to perfection. Next, the product is dried in an oven to avoid bending, warping, cracking, breaking, and then decorated with patterns. The craftsman uses a brush to draw patterns directly on the product to harmonize with the ceramic shape. Once completed, the product must be cleaned of dust with a feather brush, then fired at low temperature, then glazed. Enamel techniques have many forms such as enamel spraying, enamel flushing, enamel dipping, enamel pliers, enamel rotation and enamel casting. The final step that determines the success or failure of a batch of ceramics is to bake the ceramics in the kiln according to the principle of gradually increasing the temperature and when the ceramic is cooked, gradually lowering the temperature. After firing, the furnace doors are sealed to cool slowly. The cooling process lasts 2 days and nights, then open the oven door and leave for another day and night before the product comes out of the oven. Bat Trang ceramic products have many designs, models and types, divided into groups according to function: household ceramics, worship objects, fine art ceramics, construction ceramics and decorative ceramics. With love for their craft and hard work, exploration, and creativity, Bat Trang artisans have created a colorful, diverse, and lively world of ceramics. Bat Trang ceramics are famous not only domestically but also exported to many other countries around the world such as the European Union, Korea, Taiwan, Japan, the United States... In October 2004, Bat Trang ceramic market Trang, including stalls of nearly 1,000 households specializing in producing ceramics, has been opened on a campus of more than 5,000m². Not only is it a place for display and trading, the ceramic market has also become a famous tourist destination of Hanoi capital, attracting a large number of domestic and foreign tourists. Besides, Bat Trang also preserves many historical and cultural relics such as communal houses, temples, and pagodas. These architectural works, along with ceramic products and the friendly and hospitable people of Bat Trang, have left unforgettable impressions in the hearts of visitors.


Duong Lam ancient village

- Location: Located in five villages Mong Phu, Cam Thinh, Dong Sang, Doai Giap, Duong Lam commune, Son Tay town, about 47km west of Hanoi capital. - Characteristics: This is the only village that still retains the intact structure and lifestyle of an ancient Vietnamese village in the Northern midlands.

Duong Lam is also known as the land of two kings because this is the hometown of Phung Hung and Ngo Quyen, two national heroes who were instrumental in expelling Northern invaders in the 8th and 10th centuries. This is also the hometown of Phung Hung and Ngo Quyen. The hometown of envoy Giang Van Minh, a prominent diplomat (late 16th and early 17th centuries), who heroically sacrificed his life while on a mission to preserve the nation. Today, Duong Lam still preserves most of the basic features of a traditional Vietnamese village with village gates, banyan trees, water wharves, communal courtyards... Ancient houses from the 17th - 18th centuries, covered in moss. Rooms are attached to yards, gardens, and wells, located next to roads arranged in a herringbone shape. Houses in Duong Lam are built with traditional Doai materials such as laterite (ensuring the house is cool in the summer and warm in the winter), bamboo, cork wood, rammed earth, rice husks, mud, sawdust, lime, sand, slag, straw. The house is arranged in a structure of 5 rows of columns, including 5 rooms or 7 rooms and 2 wings. The roof sags in the shape of a kite, and is covered with tiles in a shoulder-to-shoulder, winged style, woven together like dragon scales. The roof beams are engraved with the date; The walls and arches are places where many meticulous decorative patterns are engraved. The middle space, which takes up the most space, is where the ancestral altar is arranged with horizontal panels, parallel sentences, ancient paintings... Below the altar are placed counters and sofas to sit on. On every table, there is a kettle to brew green tea for guests or a bowl or bamboo pipe to smoke pipe tobacco. In addition to ancient houses, Duong Lam also has a system of family churches, temples, communal houses, pagodas, shops, guard posts and a lively environmental landscape with 36 hillocks; 18 depths; 49 ponds, lakes, puddles, pools; Dozens of ancient trees (banyan, de, si, ruoi). The fields, mounds, hills, and bumpy yards in Duong Lam are always attractive places for photographers when the golden season comes or the rice and corn seasons are "girly" with their smooth green color. Coming to Duong Lam, visitors should not miss the opportunity to enjoy or buy as gifts for relatives the typical countryside gifts here such as roasted meat, banh gai, water donuts, banh te, che lam, sweet soup, peanut candy, sesame candy, sausage candy, soy sauce... On November 28, 2005, Duong Lam ancient village was ranked by the State as a National Architectural and Artistic Monument. This is the first ancient village in the country to be ranked as a national monument. To serve the needs of tourists when visiting Duong Lam, Duong Lam Ancient Village Tourism Information Office organizes tours such as: tours to visit historical - cultural relics, tours to visit ancient house architecture, agricultural experience tour (planting vegetables, harvesting vegetables - roots - fruits, fish frying - grilling fish, water scooping, plowing, rice planting, tea picking, tea making, rice harvesting...), traditional craft experience tour traditional (cook peanut candy, sausage candy, sesame candy; make sticky rice cake)


Tourist destination National History Museum

Established under Decision No. 1674/QD-TTg dated September 26, 2011 of the Prime Minister of Vietnam on the basis of merging the Vietnam Museum of History and the Vietnam Revolution Museum; The National Museum of History is a cultural project located in the central area of ​​Hanoi Capital, close to many sacred relics of the Capital such as Turtle Tower - Sword Lake; The Huc Bridge - Ngoc Son Temple - Pen tower... The museum preserves, displays and introduces Vietnamese history from Prehistoric times to today through an extremely massive and precious system of documents and artifacts. There are many artifacts that are National Treasures.

The National Museum of History is a public service unit under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, leading the system of Vietnam's social and historical museums; has the function of scientific research, archaeological excavation, collection, storage, inventory, preservation, display, introduction, and promotion of the value of documents and artifacts about Vietnam's historical process; Organize training, consulting, inspection, appraisal, management, and exploitation of services within the scope of the museum's activities. The National Museum of History has legal status, seal, separate accounts, and independent accounting. International transaction name: Vietnam National Museum of History (abbreviated as VNMH) The National Museum of History currently stores and preserves about 200,000 artifacts and documents of Vietnamese cultural history, including the historical period. Vietnam from Prehistoric times to 1945 has nearly 110,000 documents, artifacts, relics, antiquities and 19 National Treasures; including many rare and valuable collections compared to museums of the same type in the country and the region such as: collections of artifacts belonging to archaeological cultures from the early Paleolithic era to the Bronze Age. early brass and iron; Dong Son Culture; Ancient Vietnamese ceramics; Bronze wares of the Le Nguyen period; Champa stone sculpture; Foreign decorative arts such as China, Japan, India and countries in Southeast Asia... The period of Vietnamese history from the mid-nineteenth century to today has about more than 80,000 documents and artifacts. about the history of the Vietnamese revolution, about the Communist Party of Vietnam, about President Ho Chi Minh and the leaders of the Communist Party of Vietnam through the ages. The National Museum of History is maintaining 2 fixed display systems at 2 facilities: No. 1 Trang Tien - Hanoi, displaying Vietnamese history from Prehistoric times to the end of the Nguyen Dynasty (1945); at 216 Tran Quang Khai - Hanoi, displaying Vietnamese history from the mid-19th century to the present. With the attention of the Party and Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, in the near future, the National Museum of History will be built as a modern, advanced project, meeting the functions of a modern regional museum. regional and international in Tay Ho Tay urban area, Hanoi. This project has been underway for many years and is currently ongoing. The National Museum of History is a member of the International Association of Museums (ICOM), a founding member of the Association of National Museums of Asia (ANMA), and regularly exchanges experience in professional activities and implementation. cooperation programs, expanding exchanges with nearly 30 regional and international museums. In 2013, the National Museum of History was the host and chairman of the 4th ANMA Conference (taking place in Hanoi in October 2013). The National Museum of History has been honored to receive many noble awards from the Party and State, including: 1 Ho Chi Minh Medal, 3 Independence Medals, 5 Labor Medals... Come to the Museum National Museum of History, you will have many interesting experiences, learn more about the long cultural history and the tradition of heroic and resilient struggle in the process of building and defending the country of the Vietnamese people.


Military History Museum (Army Museum)

- Location: No. 28A Dien Bien Phu Street, near President Ho Chi Minh's mausoleum, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi. - Characteristics: Displaying artifacts and documents introducing the birth and growth of the Vietnamese people's armed forces through historical periods.

The Military History Museum (Army Museum) was established on December 22, 1959, on a land area of ​​about 10,000m². The display area is 2,000m². The display content is divided into 6 parts: - History of the nation and the birth of the Vietnam People's Army. - The resistance war against French colonialism. - The resistance war against American imperialism. - Vietnam's army moves towards modern regularity. - The army and people are one heart - every battle is victorious. - The outdoor display area has aircraft, tanks, heavy artillery, armored vehicles, rockets, mortars, bombs... all of which are large-sized artifacts. In particular, there are maps and models of the Dien Bien Phu campaign and the historical Ho Chi Minh campaign. Precious artifacts about battles and heroic soldiers in the armed forces.


Bao Son Paradise Park

Opened in 2008, with an initial investment of up to 100 million USD, Bao Son Paradise Park is part of the overall project to build and develop a new urban area in An Khanh, Hanoi. An Khanh new urban area will be a highlight of Northern Vietnam in the future with unique architectural works, harmonious with feng shui, honoring Vietnamese culture and meeting international standards in terms of conditions, environment and security.

Located on a large and airy space just 6 km from the National Convention Center along Thang Long Avenue, it is the only entertainment area that synthesizes both the economic and tourism sectors, a place that harmoniously combines blending tradition and modernity in the choice of quintessence and convergence - a place to preserve traditional cultural beauty, a paradise of arts and culture, technology, ecology, entertainment and cuisine. The park is a place of poetic beauty, harmoniously and skillfully combined between nature and artificiality, between ancient architecture and modern architecture. The fresh air here will bring extremely refreshing and peaceful moments to visitors. With the goal of becoming Hanoi's tourism gateway, a destination for domestic and international tourists who want to learn, survey and research Vietnamese culture and traditions when coming to Hanoi. was built as a multi-purpose entertainment venue, with access to modern technology. And become the core business field and typical brand of Bao Son Group.


Tien Lang hot mineral water eco-tourism area

Tien Lang Hot Springs is a great place for you to rest, relax and take care of your health. This place always deserves to be a destination not to be missed during a trip to Hai Phong.

For every Hai Phong resident, Tien Lang hot spring has become a familiar name for many years. This is an extremely famous eco-tourism, resort, health care and beauty resort located in Phac Xuyen village, Bach Dang commune, Tien Lang district, about 20 kilometers from Hai Phong city center. . Tien Lang hot spring tourist area is built on a land area of ​​about 10 hectares, divided into many different areas. Everything is arranged and arranged harmoniously and delicately, mixed with the airy, poetic and lyrical natural scenery that makes anyone who sets foot there fall in love. The hot water source at Tien Lang hot spring area is exploited completely naturally, from a depth of about 850 meters underground. The average water temperature here always remains stable at 54 degrees Celsius, very suitable for bathing and relaxing. Not only that, the hot grill source in Tien Lang also contains many natural mineral ingredients that are beneficial for health, so it has been recognized as one of the five best and especially rare mineral mines in Vietnam today. The hot mineral water source in Tien Lang district was explored and discovered by Russian experts in 1965. However, it was not until 1982 that this water source was officially put into use for tourism development. Tien Lang hot spring tourist area was built in 2004 and invested by Phu Vinh Company Limited. After many days of construction, an area of ​​nearly 10 hectares with a beautiful campus filled with trees, mixed with many modern architectural works has been completed. Every year, this place welcomes tens of thousands of visitors to rest, relax and take care of their health. The first experience that anyone coming to Tien Lang hot spring must try is immersing themselves in the clear and extremely warm water. According to experts, the hot water here contains mineral salts that are very good for human health, especially for those with bone, joint or cardiovascular diseases. In addition to bathing in hot mineral springs, coming here visitors can also experience many other services such as: mineral mud bath, swimming pool with hydraulic massage system, sauna with modern equipment system. Imported from France, facial, body massage or acupuncture. With a system of 3-star standard rooms, fully equipped with modern amenities, Tien Lang hot spring tourist area will certainly meet all the accommodation and relaxation needs of all visitors. . When it comes to travel and relaxation, food is certainly indispensable. The restaurant area inside Tien Lang hot spring area is a great place for you to enjoy attractive country specialties. All are prepared by professional chefs with extensive knowledge of regional cuisine, promising to bring visitors dishes that are not only delicious in taste but also attractive in appearance. form.


Trang Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem relic site

Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple (Quang Quan Temple, Trang Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple), located in Trung Am village, Ly Hoc commune, Vinh Bao district, Hai Phong city, is closely associated with the life and career of the royal poinsettia. Mac Nguyen Binh Khiem. Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple has a special historical mission, both as a place to pay tribute to the contributions of a famous person in history and as a venue for cultural and religious activities of the people in the past. region.

Trang Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem (name Van Dat, self name Hanh Phu, nickname Bach Van layperson), was born in the year of Tan Hoi (1491), from Trung Am village, Vinh Lai district, Hai Duong town (now Trung Am village , Ly Hoc commune, Vinh Bao district, Hai Phong city). Taking the exam in the year of At Mui, Mac Dang Doanh's reign (1535), he passed the first doctorate (ie Poinsettia), was awarded the position of Eastern Scholar, and gradually promoted to the rank of Huu Thi Lang and Eastern Scholar. He was listed as the first official, and was given the title Trinh Tuyen Marquis, Minister of Lai, Thai Bao, title Trinh Quoc Cong. In 1542, after submitting a request to behead 18 idolaters who were not approved, he hung up his mandarin hat and returned to his hometown to live in hiding, built Trung Tan restaurant, established Bach Van hermitage as a teaching school, composed poetry, and took the title is a layperson named Bach Van. Am became a talent training center for the country, with many famous names in history books, such as: Phung Khac Khoan, Luong Huu Khanh, Giap Hai... Nguyen Binh Khiem no longer participated in state politics, but the Mac dynasty still respected the country. looked up to him, often asking for his opinion on important matters. He died on November 28, At Dau year (January 17, 1586), at the age of 95. His students worshiped him as Master Tuyet Giang. Trang Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem was a patriotic Confucian, a talented theorist who was admired by scholars, recorded in history books and passed down in the world for his talent in predicting future destiny (oracle)... He was also a genius. Great poet, left behind over 1,000 poems (620 Chinese poems, 153 Nom poems), typically the poetry collections "Bach Van am thi tap" (in Chinese) and Bach Van quoc ngu thi tap (Nom script). Nguyen Binh Khiem's ​​poetry has high artistic value, profound penmanship, and addresses many issues of life, such as: love of homeland and country, satirical attacks on corrupt people. ... According to some sources, Nguyen Binh Khiem temple was built after his death and completed at the end of 1586. According to "Tu Vu bi ky..." established in the second year of Vinh Huu (1736) currently exists. At the relic, the temple was built after his death. By 1735, the villagers of Trung Am and Thuong Am contributed to restoring and renovating the temple for worship. In 1928, the temple continued to be restored, with the architecture of the word "nail", bearing the artistic style of the Nguyen Dynasty. In 1991, on the occasion of the 500th birth anniversary of Nguyen Binh Khiem, the monument was repaired, restored, expanded, a monument was built, a square was established, and a semicircular lake was built, with the current scale and landscape. Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple is located in the middle of a large space, facing East, in front is a lake; To the north is the dyke and the Tuyet Giang stream; The East side overlooks the vast ocean; The south is the village; the West with green rice and tobacco fields. Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple has a total area of ​​91,500.7m2 (area I: 3,137.5m2, area II: 88,327.2m2), including the following items: Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple; Temple to worship Father and Mother Nguyen Binh Khiem; Bach Van Am; Trung Tan restaurant; Kinh Thien Pen Tower; Mr. Nguyen Van Dinh's grave; squares, monuments. 1. The outer ritual gate: carved in stone, the tops of the two middle columns are stylized with gardenia fruits; The tops of the two side columns are carved with a pair of pigs facing the gate. The lantern block of the pillar is carved with four sacred animals in the position of holding a letter, carrying a letter, and rolling a letter; The cylindrical body is a rectangular block carved with parallel sentences in Chinese characters; Pillar base creates a puffy neckline. 2. The inner ritual gate: 2-storey architecture with 8 roofs, curved blades on all four sides with dragon and phoenix mascots; The match neck and gate body are covered with parallel sentences and Chinese characters. On the outside, the painting "Trung Am tu" is painted, and on the inside, the word "Trinh Quoc Cong" is painted. 3. Thai At and Thai Nham lakes: these two lakes are located in front of Nguyen Binh Khiem temple. In the middle of the lake there is a small island, connected to the shore by a blue stone bridge with 5 spans, the bridge body is engraved with soft water wave patterns. On the island there is a stone stele recording the rebuilding of the Nguyen Binh Khiem temple. 4. Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple: has a floor plan in the shape of the letter "nail" with an Anteroom of 03 compartments and 02 wings and a Rear Palace of 02 compartments. - Anteroom: 03 compartments, the middle compartment is 3.17m wide, two side compartments, each 2.80m wide and two wings, each 2.10m wide. The load-bearing frame system has 4 sets of rafters and 22 ironwood columns. Because the roof structure is like "a gong rack stacked on a beam". Decorative patterns, on the body of the beams and the cheeks of the first sentence, are carved with leaf motifs, the pillars are carved with lotus petals, and the first verse is engraved with an inscription indicating the temple's renovation in 1928, during the reign of King Bao Dai. The four remaining ends are carved with holes combined with four dragon-headed bong channels in the Nguyen style of the early 20th century. The two sides of the "van me" armpit are decorated densely and meticulously, with dragon themes combined with cloud patterns, leaf leaves, water waves, seal letter patterns, lotus leaf flowers, water ba, carp, etc. long. long. - Harem: made of gable wall style, load-bearing frame system includes two sets of rafters, roof rafters and armpit rafters are all connected in the "beam board" style. Decorative patterns on the rafters are two dragons flanking the sun, apricot trees, lotus branches, turtles, dragon horses... The second set of vases, the variation of "the gong stand overlaps the beam". In the palace, it is forbidden to place a coffin and a statue of Nguyen Binh Khiem. 5. Temple to worship Nguyen Binh Khiem's ​​father and mother: construction started in 2010, the main layout is shaped like the letter "cong", including: Sacrificial front, water pipe, harem, two Giai vu buildings (Left/ Right Mac) , and South - North gate. All items are built according to traditional architecture with frames, wooden structures like "stacking beams and gongs", "stacking beams and hiding pillars", "beaming planks", tiled roofs, decorative ornaments. decorated on the structure with the themes of flowers, leaves, lotus flowers... 6. Bach Van Am: built after Nguyen Binh Khiem returned to his hometown. The old temple was Trang Trinh's home and school. Here, he met with envoys from the Mac, Trinh, and Nguyen dynasties to consult on military and important affairs. Through the ups and downs of history, Bach Van hermitage was damaged and ruined. In 2004, the temple was restored, with a "first" shaped floor plan, 3 compartments, a frame system built on 4 sets of rafters, and 24 columns. Decorative patterns include themes such as lotus pillars, leaf patterns on the sides of the beams, the top of the beams, seven porches carved with stylized dragon-shaped leaf channels... 7. Trung Tan Quan: built After Nguyen Binh Khiem left official school to return to his hometown to teach. In 1742, Vu Phuong De visited Trung Tan restaurant and said: "There is still an old stele but the handwriting is too blurred to read." In 1777, La Son Prince Nguyen Thiep visited Trung Am village and wrote a five-word poem clearly stating: "Am and stele are all gone/ The wilderness of Tuyet Giang". Thus, after 1742 and before 1777, Trung Tan restaurant no longer existed. In 2001, Trung Tan restaurant was rebuilt next to Han wharf with 3 rooms, total area of ​​905.5m2. 8. Kinh Thien Pen Tower: total area is 845.5m2. Legend has it that the tower was built by Nguyen Binh Khiem's ​​students more than 400 years ago, to praise his teacher's talent like a pillar supporting the sky (King Thien). Over the years, the mound was eroded, the Kinh Thien pen tower was dilapidated, and in the Nguyen Dynasty, it was rebuilt with two floors and eight roofs, the tower's door was covered with parallel sentences, the inside of the tower was empty and there was an incense bowl inside. . 9. The grave of Mr. Nguyen Van Dinh: he was the father of Nguyen Binh Khiem, whose name was Mr. Cu Xuyen, and was appointed Duke Thai Bao Nghiem by King Mac. During his lifetime, he worked as a teacher and studied at a Thai school. When he passed away, he was buried in his hometown, his grave was located in the middle of the fields of Trung Am village (behind the relic site now). 10. Square, monument and relief Statue of Trinh Nguyen Binh Khiem carved from granite, 5.7m high, weighing 8.5 tons, in a sitting position, holding a pen in his right hand, a book in his left hand and wear confucian clothes. The two reliefs on both sides are each about 5m high and 20m long. The picture on the right depicts the life and career of Nguyen Binh Khiem; The other depicts historical periods of the locality (from the time the French colonialists invaded until today). In front of the Nguyen Binh Khiem monument is a large square, this is the venue for the monument's annual festival, and is also the area to organize major events of Hai Phong city, mainly related to the field. education. Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple still preserves a number of valuable antiques, dating from the 17th century to the early 20th century, such as: testament, eight treasures, dragon throne, tablets, parallel sentences, and great characters. ., notably the stone stele "Tu vu bi ky..." under Le Trung Hung, the second year of Vinh Huu (1736) has many words blurred, making it impossible to read the full text, the content of the stele mentions the rebuilding of Nguyen Binh Khiem temple in 1736; Brown-yellow glazed ceramic incense bowl (18th century)... In addition, the temple also preserves a rectangular green stone, engraved with 3 Chinese characters "Truong Xuan Kieu" (Truong Xuan Bridge), which is said to have been built by the temple. Nguyen Binh Khiem wrote when encouraging local people to build bridges. Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple also contains unique intangible cultural values, demonstrating the important role of this relic in the minds and spiritual lives of local people. Trang Temple Festival is held from November 27 to 29 of the lunar calendar every year, with rituals such as Moc Duc Ceremony, Literature Procession, Reporting and many local cultural and artistic programs (wrestling, Chinese chess, four-spirit dance, boat racing, earthen cannon, casino/fairy swing, land puppetry, water puppetry). In addition, every year, on the occasion of the opening of the new school year, Hai Phong city also holds a ceremony to praise outstanding students, right at Nguyen Binh Khiem temple. This is a new cultural feature, demonstrating the tradition of respecting teachers and teaching about Nguyen Binh Khiem's ​​shining example, creating motivation for the young generation to strive on the path of study and career. With special and typical values, the historical relic Nguyen Binh Khiem Temple (Vinh Bao district, Hai Phong city) was ranked by the Prime Minister as a special national relic (in Decision No. 2367/QD -TTg December 23, 2015 )./.


Huyen Tran Cultural Center

Centuries ago, the people of Hue built a temple to worship Princess Huyen Tran at a point south of Hue city, but due to war and historical changes, it no longer exists.

On the occasion of the 700th anniversary of Thuan Hoa - Phu Xuan - Thua Thien Hue (1306 - 2006), the provincial leaders allowed Huong Giang Tourism Company (now Huong Giang Tourism Joint Stock Company) to build the Cultural Center. Huyen Tran is located southwest of Hue city, about 6 km from Nam Giao herd. This is a cultural and tourist project with historical and spiritual significance, originating from the sentiment and morality "When drinking water, remember the source, when eating fruit, remember the person who planted the tree" of our people. In this center there is a temple worshiping King Tran Nhan Tong and a temple worshiping Princess Huyen Tran, very magical. On the top of Ngu Phong mountain at a height of 108 meters, the Hoa Binh bell tower is built and a heavy pure bronze bell hangs. 1.6 tons, 2.16 meters high, the bell's ringing sound spreads in the quiet space to pray for World Peace - Humanity Happiness. King Tran Nhan Tong (1258-1308) was the 3rd king of the Tran Dynasty, a national heroic king, both literary and martial, an outstanding politician and diplomat who twice led the people to defeat the invaders. Yuan Mongol (1285, 1288). Those victories not only raised Dai Viet's position to a new level in the region but also contributed to liberating Southeast Asian countries from the invasion of the Mongol Empire at the end of the 13th century. After defeating the invaders and stabilizing the country for development, the King ceded the throne to his son, King Tran Anh Tong, who became Thai Thuong Hoang and devoted himself to studying Buddhism and educating all people. In 1299, he became a monk and went to Yen Tu mountain to take the Buddhist name Huong Van Dai Dau Da, often called Truc Lam Dai Sy, and founded the Truc Lam Zen sect. He later became the First Patriarch of this Zen sect. In 1301, he went down the mountain to travel all over the country, then went to Champa to both strengthen relations and preach the Dharma. He is the father of Princess Huyen Tran, the heroic goddess of Vietnam who has made great contributions to expanding the country's borders, including today's Thua Thien Hue province. Besides, to commemorate the founder of the Truc Lam Zen sect - King Tran Nhan Tong, Huyen Tran Cultural Center is gradually being completely built to become a Cultural and Spiritual Tourism area, a tourist destination. the country's only Zen tourism. This place is being invested in and researched to build a number of additional items such as: Meditation hall, calligraphy house, orchid house, library to mainly store and research documents about kings Tran Nhan Tong, Tran Anh Tong, Huyen. Pearl Princess... along with other heroic figures during the Tran dynasty about Truc Lam Zen sect through dynasties, Hue culture and Champa architectural and cultural history and a number of other additional services to serve as a place Performing arts, practicing yoga, yoga... To meet the needs of visitors to visit, offer incense, worship, and commemorate at Huyen Tran Cultural Center, the Center has an organization to serve tourist services. calendars, souvenir stalls, some documents related to the Tran dynasty, especially on holidays, traditional vegetarian meals are served at Trung Quang Palace and Trung Hoa Palace in the grounds of the King's Temple. Tran Nhan Tong. On the 9th day of the first lunar month every year, the Huyen Tran Temple Festival will take place at the Center, with the participation of thousands of domestic, local and tourist people to pay tribute to the many ancestors who have contributed to opening the world. .


Thanh Toan Tile Bridge

Thanh Toan tiled bridge is about 8km southeast of Hue city in Thuy Thanh commune, Huong Thuy district, Thua Thien Hue province.

The bridge spans a river that flows from the beginning of the village to the end of Thanh Toan village (in Thieu Tri's reign, the name was the same, so the king changed it to Thanh Thuy). Thanh Thuy village was established at the end of the 16th century. The first patriarchs of the village were people from their hometown of Thanh Hoa who followed Lord Nguyen Hoang to reclaim land and establish the hamlet. A granddaughter of the 6th generation of the Tran family (one of the families that established Thanh Thuy village), Mrs. Tran Thi Dao, donated money to the village to build this bridge. Thanh Toan tiled bridge is a wooden bridge built in the style of "upper house, lower house" (upper house below bridge), 43 meters long (about 18.75m), 14 meters wide (about 5.82m), On both sides of the bridge there are two rows of wooden platforms and railings for sitting and resting. The bridge has a roof, covered with glazed tube tiles, divided into 7 compartments, the middle compartment of the bridge is dedicated to worshiping Mrs. Tran Thi Dao (the person who built the bridge). Thanh Toan tiled bridge has been restored many times (in 1847, 1906, 1956, 1971), the size and construction materials of the bridge have changed slightly, the architectural style remains the same. Thanh Toan tiled bridge is an ancient architectural relic of great historical and cultural value. It is one of the rare bridges with high artistic value in Vietnam. Thanh Toan tiled bridge has been recognized as a national relic according to Decision No. 575/QD dated July 14, 1990 of the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism).


Luong Quan garden house - Nguyet Bieu

Luong Quan - Nguyet Bieu garden house, Thuy Bieu ward, Hue city, Thua Thien Hue province is recognized as a tourist destination of Thua Thien Hue province according to Decision No. 2791/QD-UBND issued on December 21, 2018 )

With a convenient transportation system, easy access by road and waterway, only about 7km from Hue city center, along the riverside to the lush and poetic garden house of Luong Quan - Nguyet Bieu. Thuy Bieu Ward, Hue City today is the merger of two ancient villages, Nguyet Bieu and Luong Quan. The highlight here is the typical Hue traditional garden house system such as Mr. Ho Xuan Dai's garden house, Mr. Dang Van Thanh's garden house, Mr. Ho Xuan Doanh's garden house, Mr. Ton That Phuong's garden house, Hue Ecologde, Hue Riverside Boutique Resort&Spa ... At these locations, they are organized to serve tourists to visit and relax with many tourism products such as homestay accommodation, massage, foot bath, experience cooking and enjoying some Hue dishes prepared Prepared from local specialties, ensuring food hygiene and safety conditions. At Hue Ecolodge, there is an area to display and introduce handicrafts and local specialties such as incense, printed cakes, handicrafts, bronze casting,...; At Thuy Bieu Homestay, there is Thanh Tra jam, Thanh Tra wine, etc. In addition, the Luong Quan - Nguyet Bieu area has many typical historical and cultural relics of the Nguyen Dynasty, the most unique in Southeast Asia such as Ho Quyen and Dien Voi. Scream; It is also bestowed with two wonderful landscapes, Vong Canh Hill and Don Bau Ho, and palaces and village cultural institutions such as Luong Quan communal house, Nguyet Bieu communal house, family church, etc. Although located in the middle of Hue, this place has the appearance of a peaceful, quiet village, shaded with fruit trees. Lovely, neat gardens in a row, low-cropped and almost unfenced, guide visitors to begin a journey back to nature. Speaking of Thuy Bieu, it is impossible not to mention a famous fruit specialty here: Thanh Tra - a product presented to the king in the past, thanks to the regular sedimentation of the gentle Perfume River, it has produced beautiful fruits. Although Thanh Tra is not big, it has an unmatched sweetness and succulent citrus. It was voted as one of the five Thua Thien Hue specialties that set an Asian record. Come to Nguyet Bieu - Luong Quan garden house once, ride your bicycle through the tree-lined streets, stop to visit the garden houses to: ...When walking in the middle of the country road, When entering each alley Or standing in the middle of the garden, listening to the sweet fragrance of the air...".


Phuoc Tich Ancient Village

40 km north of Hue city center is Phuoc Tich ancient village with the pristine beauty of a Vietnamese village. The village is surrounded by the clear, gentle O Lau River. According to history books, Phuoc Tich was established in 1470 under the reign of King Le Thanh Tong, with an area of ​​about 49 hectares.

Phuoc Tich ancient village is the second village in Vietnam to be recognized as a national heritage village in 2009. With the advantages of a dense population of ancient ruong houses of three compartments, two left and one compartment, two left, the system Exquisite wooden architectural system, tables, chairs, sofas, altar tables, cabinets... carefully carved, system of monuments, communal houses, pagodas, shrines, churches, Champa cultural relics, tree road system The green lines connect each other naturally and vividly... All bearing the bold beliefs of the people of Hue. After 9 years of recognition, up to now Phuoc Tich ancient village has made strong and comprehensive changes in all fields. The picture of tourism is increasingly professional, the tangible heritage system is repaired and restored. Currently, Phuoc Tich Tourism has 09 types of tourism services with 40 people participating in activities including: house visiting services, accommodation, cuisine, bicycles, tour guides, pottery demonstrations, making cakes, cultural exchanges, etc. The ancient house system has 11 households participating in welcoming visitors; 04 accommodation business households; 04 points serving culinary services. Most of the services are thoughtful, enthusiastic, and hospitable, contributing to meeting the needs of tourists to exchange and learn about local culture. For that reason, the image of Phuoc Tich tourism has been widely promoted in the media, Phuoc Tich has become an increasingly attractive destination for tourists to visit and explore Phuoc Tich ancient village. Every year, there are many tour groups and researchers visiting and learning about Phuoc Tich ancient village. The total number of visitors in 2018 is estimated to be 37,800. Phuoc Tich ancient village is recognized as a tourist destination of Thua Thien Hue province according to Decision No. 2186/QD-UBND issued on September 9, 2019. Phuoc Tich ancient village tourist destination has tourism resources such as: family church system; system of traditional communal houses, dozens of communal houses, pagodas, shrines, temples, such as Trung village communal house, Phuoc Buu pagoda, Cay Thi temple, Doi temple, Quang Te temple (worshiping Yoni and Linga of Cham people) and other temples. Temple of the Soul, Tiger, Ba Giang (Cham people), Van Thanh temple... Doi Temple worships farmer Hoang Minh Hung who was appointed as the God Emperor of the village. Going into the village are spacious gardens with ancient trees. Lush green, a more than 100-year-old ylang ylang tree in front of Mrs. Trang's house is fragrant... On the other hand, there are also traditional crafts such as pottery, which has been famous for more than 500 years with the straw firing technique, creating famous products. For example, through the poem "Om Phuoc Tich is delicious, the Emperor's rice is delicious, Sen Ha Tri is precious in Phu Xuan" and the baking profession, in addition, full catering and shopping services, local specialty restaurants, organized The restaurant specializes in serving food for tourists, ensuring food hygiene and safety along with 01 souvenir stall to serve the shopping needs of tourists. Visiting the village, visitors have the opportunity to explore and experience life. The peaceful life of a quiet, close, friendly countryside is a harmonious combination of heaven, earth and people. For more detailed information, visitors can contact: Management Board of Phuoc Tich Ancient Village Architectural and Artistic Relics Address: 31 Pho Trach Street, Phong Dien Town, Phong Dien District, Thua Thien Hue Province. Phone: 02343.771055


Dam Chuon eco-tourism site

6km from Hue city center, Dam Choon in the Northeast of Phu An commune, Phu Vang district is one of the important lagoon systems of Thua Thien Hue province. This is a brackish water lagoon in the Tam Giang Lagoon system, famous for its peaceful beauty, vast rivers, along with attractive specialties at very affordable prices.

The nature of Chuon Lagoon is more wonderful in the early morning and late afternoon with multi-colored patches of red, yellow, purple, small boats floating in the vast river, as beautiful as a watercolor painting, so this place is the source of water. Endless inspiration, an interesting and attractive topic for famous photographers. Every year this place attracts hundreds of thousands of tourists to visit, eat, drink, and relax. Business activities bring high economic efficiency, creating jobs for hundreds of local workers. The special thing that makes this area attractive to tourists is the system of floating houses. After visiting Chuon Lagoon, visitors will stop to rest and eat specialties at the floating house located right in the middle of the lagoon and along the west and east dykes. Coming to Phu An, visitors can admire the vast and poetic beauty of Chuon Lagoon with its floating houses, and can also catch seafood on Chuon Lagoon with the fishing gear of aquaculture households. , experience free boating on the vast, poetic Tam Giang lagoon, experience watching the sunset with beautiful photos. Tourism products here are quite rich, including traditional specialties such as: Orca fish pancakes, rabbitfish smoke cakes, banh tet, and fresh seafood, shrimp and squid with lagoon characteristics on the Chuon lagoon system. . Dam Chuon eco-tourism site is recognized as a tourist destination of Thua Thien Hue province according to Decision No. 951/QD-UBND issued on April 16, 2019 Places to visit: Dam Chuon, historical village communal house An Truyen and Truyen Nam conical hat. Entertainment services: Guests will be able to visit the Chuon lagoon system by boat and have hands-on experience by directly catching seafood with the fishing gear of aquaculture households. Currently on Chuon lagoon, there are 5 restaurants providing catering services for Dam Chuon's specialties including: Dam Chuon An Phu, Dam Chuon Huong Quan, Dam Chuon Hoi Ngo, Tam Giang Logon and Thuy Trieu Quan. Homestay service: After visiting and eating at Chuon lagoon eco-tourism area, tourists stay overnight at households serving Homestay services in Dinh Cu village.


Traditional craft village of Thanh Tien Bougainvillea – Folk paintings of Sinh Village

The People's Committee of Thua Thien Hue province signed Decision No. 949/QD-UBND on recognizing the tourist destination of Thanh Tien Bougainvillea Traditional Craft Village - Sinh village folk paintings.

Traditional craft village of Thanh Tien Bougainvillea - Sinh village folk paintings in Phu Mau commune, Phu Vang district, Thua Thien Hue province with an area of ​​49,054 hectares. Lanh Sinh is 8km from Hue city center, surrounded by the Huong River and Loi Pho River. At this tourist destination, there are 03 historical and cultural relics, including 01 national relic, which is the memorial house of comrade Nguyen Chi Dieu, and 02 provincial relics, which are Sinh village communal house and the famous shrine of Dang Tat. . Traditional occupations are Thanh Tien paper flower making and Sinh village painting; Convenient transportation system, easy access by road and waterway; There is a security department on duty 24 hours a day at Nguyen Chi Dieu memorial house, bougainvillea and folk painting production facilities. Based on the application for recognition as a tourist destination by the Department of Tourism of Thua Thien Hue and on the basis of the actual appraisal results at the tourist site Thanh Tien Traditional Craft Village Bougainvillea - Sinh village folk paintings; The Provincial People's Committee recognized the tourist destination of Thanh Tien Traditional Craft Village of Bougainvillea - Sinh village folk paintings. To be recognized, the Thanh Tien Bougainvillea Traditional Craft Village - Sinh village folk paintings tourist destination has met 3/3 of the conditions for recognition as a tourist destination according to the provisions of the 2017 Law on Tourism including: Having tourism resources, has boundaries determined on topographic maps certified by competent authorities. Map scale depends on management requirements and area terrain; Have necessary infrastructure and services to ensure tourist service; Meets the conditions of security, order, social safety, and environmental protection. This is the second tourist destination recognized by the People's Committee of Thua Thien Hue province after Huyen Tran Cultural Center.


YesHue Eco eco-tourism destination

YesHue Eco is located in Xuan Phu village, Huong Phu commune, Nam Dong district, Thua Thien Hue province, located 65km from Hue city in Nam Dong. Mo Waterfall - Nam Dong is made up of water sources originating from Bach Ma mountain and forest 1,400 meters higher than sea level. Mo Waterfall has been known by local people and around the region for a long time because of its beautiful natural scenery with lush green forests reflecting under the clear, cool water.

Located on the main trail leading up to the local mountain ranges and beyond the long Bach Ma mountain range, Mo waterfall is like a highlight among the immense and majestic beauty of Hue's mountains and forests. YesHue Eco exploits the natural and pristine landscapes of Thac Mo, so the most impressive thing when coming here is the three high waterfalls with 04 natural swimming pools with a depth of 1-3m; YesHue Eco tourist destination has a food service area and souvenir stalls to meet the needs of visitors. There are two tour guides at the site who will provide explanations and instructions for guests. On January 21, 2020, the People's Committee of Thua Thien Hue province recognized YesHue Eco as a tourist destination according to Decision No. 257/QD-UBND. To be recognized as a tourist destination according to the provisions of the Law on Tourism, the YesHue Eco tourist destination has met 3/3 of the conditions for recognition as a tourist destination, including: Having tourism resources and boundaries defined on the topographic map. certified by a competent authority. Map scale depends on management requirements and area terrain; Have necessary infrastructure and services to ensure tourist service; Meets the conditions of security, order, social safety, and environmental protection. With beautiful natural space and a clean ecological environment, YesHue Eco eco-tourism destination brings new colors to the locality, new experiences, and exciting joys when tourists set foot in Hue.


Ho Truoi

Since its formation, Truoi Lake has always been present in Hue tourist attractions worth visiting. From Hue city, go about 30km south along National Highway 1A, from here go another 10km to reach Truoi Lake. This destination is the largest irrigation project in Thua Thien Hue built in 1996 with a capacity of up to 60 million cubic meters and a spillway 50 meters high.

Truoi Lake has long been a "cooling off" spot for people and tourists from all over when coming here. Coming to Truoi Lake, visitors can rent a large boat rowed and guided by local people to enjoy the beauty of this peaceful place. Surrounding Truoi Lake are endless mountains. From afar, the Bach Ma mountain range seems to be embracing the entire vast lake bed. The water of Truoi Lake is incredibly clear and cool. Taking a boat trip on Truoi Lake is like letting all the hardships and worries off your back. Stop at the rocky beaches next to the small streams of the streams flowing into Truoi Lake. Coming here, immersing yourself in the cool, clear stream or walking to explore the beauty of nature here, visitors will have very pleasant and unforgettable feelings throughout the journey. Or try an adventurous trip, exploring the desolate beauty at the foot of Thanh Long Mountain. On the way back to the wharf, stop by to visit Truc Lam Bach Ma Zen Monastery. Every trip is to visit only Truoi Lake or combine visits to a few other surrounding destinations, really making people remember, remember the charming scenery, remember the quiet silence that is very typical of the area. This.


Nhi Ho Waterfall

Nhi Ho Waterfall is a beautiful waterfall that nature has generously gifted, located in the Bach Ma mountain range, the central point in the triangle between Hue City, Bach Ma, Lang Co, about 30 km from Hue city center. 45 km to the South, nearly 4km from National Highway 1A. With many favorable natural advantages, it is a tourist destination with hills, streams, and Cau Hai lagoon. There is Tu Hien seaport adjacent to the sea and is also located close to the buffer zone of Bach Ma National Park, so Nhi Ho has long been famous and attracted many tourists to visit, travel, and enjoy.

Located in the middle of pristine forests and mountains that have not been exploited by humans, the natural scenery here is as beautiful as a watercolor painting. It only costs you 5,000 parking and 10,000 tickets to come here to play and visit. The waterfall has a height of over 7m, the fresh water stream originates from the mountain, flows along the cliffs, the water flows fast all year round, the foam is white and cool, surrounded by wildflowers in all colors of purple, red, Gold makes the space look romantic and poetic. The waterfall is not too steep, the slope is moderate so visitors can climb up or soak in the water to relax. Nhi Ho includes a system of 2 clear blue lakes, each lake's area is about 30x30m, the low lake is about 1.5 m, the higher lake is about 2.5 m. The waterfall has small paths up to the waterfall that young people often climb to take beautiful auto-photos. Tourists often choose this place as the "hottest" destination in the summer to cool off and beat the heat of Hue this season. Every year, an estimated 35 million domestic and foreign tourists come here to visit and relax. thousand visitors/year. Coming here, in addition to taking a cool bath and having fun, you can't help but enjoy attractive traditional local dishes, at very affordable prices, especially the deliciously prepared free-range chicken dish. . Nhi Ho Waterfall was recognized by Thua Thien Hue province as a tourist destination according to Decision No. 2867/QD-UBND issued on November 9, 2019. Nhi Ho Waterfall tourist destination is one of the valuable natural tourist destinations, a unique eco-tourism destination. The impression of natural landscape, stream bathing, service quality and cuisine has brought many advantages to visitors when coming to Nhi Ho Waterfall tourist destination. However, to meet the growing needs of tourists for relaxation, Nhi Ho Waterfall tourist destination needs to pay more attention to investing so that Nhi Ho Waterfall eco-tourism is increasingly developed.


Ho Chi Minh City History Museum

Ho Chi Minh City Museum of History is a large museum and has a long history of development in the southern region of Vietnam. Located in the city center, at 02 Nguyen Binh Khiem, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, the museum is a destination that attracts a large number of domestic and international public.

Ho Chi Minh City Museum of History, formerly the Blanchard de la Brosse Museum (name of the governor of Cochinchina), was established in 1929 and was the first museum in the South of Vietnam. Since 1956, the Museum has been named "Vietnam National Museum" in Saigon, a place to display ancient fine arts from some Asian countries. On August 23, 1979, the museum officially changed its name to Ho Chi Minh City Museum of History according to Decision No. 235QD-UB of the People's Committee of Ho Chi Minh City. In 2012, the Museum building was recognized as a National Artistic Architectural Monument. An architecture with bold Eastern features combined with Western creates a sturdy, harmonious structure, in proportion to the surrounding landscape. Currently, the Museum owns more than 40,000 artifacts with many unique and precious collections originating from many countries and ethnicities; Materials and types are extremely diverse and rich. The collections introduce Vietnamese history and culture from primitive times to 1945 and introduce unique cultural features in the southern provinces and some countries in the Asian region. The museum is also the workplace of many experts and researchers on Vietnamese history, culture, society, cultures in the region and around the world, along with a team of qualified and experienced staff. . On a campus of 6,057 square meters, the Museum of History - Ho Chi Minh City is an architectural complex consisting of two buildings: The first building was built in 1927 and the second building was built in 1970. The first building was originally the Blanchard de la Museum. Old Brosse, designed by architect Auguste Delaval, has ancient architectural features. This building has a length of 70m, a width of 30m, and a total usable area of ​​2,100m2. The overall plan includes an octagonal tower in the middle as a highlight and also the axis of symmetry for the two rows of houses on both sides. In general, the architecture of this building has a very clear Indochina style. Although the decorative patterns used in the museum's architecture are made of many different materials (wood, iron, cement), they are all popular patterns and similar to many contemporary ancient architectural works. . Each detail has a different meaning, but overall they all have good meaning. That is the intangible cultural heritage hidden in the building, specifically in the architectural decorative motifs. These patterns also show the cultural exchange between Vietnam and France, contributing to making the museum's architecture have Asian but also very Western features. In general, the architecture of the building has designs suitable for the functions of a museum such as: High foundation, thick walls to resist moisture and withstand good force; High ceilings have roof-top windows to take advantage of natural light to illuminate the rooms... It can be said that the Ho Chi Minh City History Museum building is a project that is used according to its design function. original until today. By 2012, the Ho Chi Minh City Museum of History building was decided to rank as a national architectural and artistic relic by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. The following building was designed by architect Nguyen Ba Lang and was built consecutively to the previous building. This building is U-shaped with an area of ​​1,000 square meters, designed in harmony and landscaped to match the ancient architecture of the previous building. Although the decorative patterns used in the museum's architecture are made of many different materials (wood, iron, cement), they are all popular patterns and similar to many contemporary ancient architectural works. . Each detail has a different meaning, but overall they all have good meaning. That is the intangible cultural heritage hidden in the building, specifically in the architectural decorative motifs. These patterns also show the cultural exchange between Vietnam and France, contributing to making the museum's architecture have Asian but also very Western features. In general, the architecture of the building has designs suitable for the functions of a museum such as: High foundation, thick walls to resist moisture and withstand good force; High ceilings have roof-top windows to take advantage of natural light to illuminate the rooms... It can be said that the Ho Chi Minh City History Museum building is a project that is used according to its design function. original until today. By 2012, the Ho Chi Minh City Museum of History building was decided to rank as a national architectural and artistic relic by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. No. 2 Nguyen Binh Khiem, Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City (84) (028) 3829 8146/Register for voiceover: (84) (028) 3829 0268 8:00 - 11:30/ 13: 00 - 17:00 30,000 VND/trip bt.ls.svhtt@tphcm.gov.vn http://www.baotanglichsutphcm.com.vn/


Ben Thanh market

Located in District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh City, adjacent to Le Loi street in the south, Phan Boi Chau street in the east, Phan Chu Trinh street in the west and Le Thanh Ton in the north, Ben Thanh market is the largest retail market in the city with Full range of items from affordable to high-end and is an attractive destination not to be missed by tourists coming to the city. Ho Chi Minh.

Initially, the market was built with bricks, wooden frames, and thatched roofs, located next to Ben Thanh river wharf, near Gia Dinh citadel (now Ho Chi Minh City), so it was called Ben Thanh. In February 1859, the French colonialists occupied Gia Dinh citadel and the market was completely destroyed. In 1860, the French rebuilt the market at the old location. Then, because the market was degraded, France demolished the old market and chose a location to build a new market to serve the needs of busy trade. In 1912, construction of a new market began on the ground of a muddy pond located near My Tho train station (now Saigon bus station). The inauguration ceremony of the market in 1914 was called "New Vuong Festival" by the press at that time due to its large organization (with fireworks), lasting for 3 days with more than 100,000 attendees. In 1985, Ben Thanh market was restored on a large scale, on a total area of ​​more than 13,000 m², opening 4 main doors and 12 side doors in four directions. Above the southern main door there is a 4-sided clock tower. The market is divided into 7 large spaces in the middle and 6 small spaces on both sides with nearly 1,500 stalls. The southern area sells fabrics and dry foods; The northern area sells fresh flowers, fruits, raw foods, and culinary dishes; The eastern area sells cosmetics and confectionery and the western area sells shoes, fine arts, and souvenirs. Along the corridor surrounding the market, there are also stalls selling a variety of consumer goods to serve tourists, especially souvenirs, ready-made clothes, silk fabrics, handicrafts, embroidery, and earthenware. cam... In 2012, the market was voted by Food and Wine Magazine (USA) as one of the 10 most attractive street food destinations on the planet.


Hoang Sa Exhibition House

Hoang Sa Exhibition House was organized by the People's Committee of Hoang Sa Island District (Da Nang City) to start construction on Hoang Sa Street (Son Tra District, Da Nang City) on December 7, 2015. Hoang Sa Exhibition House was designed by WRIGHT Architecture Company (Japan) and constructed on an area of ​​1,296m², including 1 ground floor, 3 floors, 18m high with a floor area of ​​1,824m².

After being completed and put into operation (March 28, 2018), Hoang Sa Exhibition House is the place to display a system of moving and still image materials supported by multimedia technology and art such as video. , combining a map system and an overview of the natural and administrative geographical position of Hoang Sa, focusing on introducing documents about Hoang Sa on the following topics: Geographic position and natural conditions; Hoang Sa in ancient Vietnamese documents before the Nguyen Dynasty; Hoang Sa in ancient Vietnamese bibliographies of the Nguyen Dynasty; Chinese and Western documents prove Vietnam's sovereignty over the Hoang Sa archipelago; Vietnam's sovereignty over the Hoang Sa archipelago in the period 1858-1954; Vietnam's sovereignty over the Hoang Sa archipelago in the period 1954-1974; State management documents for the Hoang Sa archipelago from 1975 to present; Hoang Sa with the world - The world with Hoang Sa; Hoang Sa and historical witnesses. Hoang Sa Exhibition House is a cultural and historical institution with special political significance. This is a place to display, introduce and propagate to the Vietnamese people and international friends the valuable information, documents, and vivid images about the process of exploring, establishing and protecting sovereignty. of Vietnam regarding the Hoang Sa archipelago. This is also a strong demonstration of truth and justice in the struggle to protect Vietnam's sovereignty over the Hoang Sa and Truong Sa archipelagos, as well as in the East Sea through historical and legal evidence. On December 19, 2019, Hoang Sa Exhibition House was recognized as a tourist destination by the People's Committee of Da Nang province.


Huong Son scenic spot

Location: Huong Son scenic area in Huong Son commune, My Duc district, Hanoi. Characteristics: This place has charming scenery, with "Nam Thien De Nhat cave" (the most beautiful cave in the South).

From Ha Dong district to Van Dinh, when arriving at Ben Duc, stop the car to change to a boat, go down Yen stream about 3km to reach the Huong Son scenic area. Huong Son scenic spot includes a whole complex of mountains, rivers, streams, villages, pagodas, caves... located around the Huong Tich mountain range, north of the Truong Son range, thousands of hectares wide. The Huong Son landscape complex forms three main routes: In the Huong Son landscape, the streams and mountains here have created a "lovely landscape" like a dream, especially the Yen stream. Suoi Yen has a gentle, carefree beauty between two mountain slopes. The stream is about 3km long with straight sections and curves, giving us the feeling that this stream is endless. During the festival season, the peaceful stream suddenly becomes lively, as shuttle boats leisurely carry tourists to visit the beautiful scenery and worship Buddha. Boarding the boat from Ben Duc, following Yen stream, visitors can relax and let their souls blend with nature. On the left is Dun Mountain, which looks like a mound of rice; Near Dun Mountain is Soi Mountain, which looks like a unicorn, so it is also called Lan Mountain; Next to Mount Soi are Mount Ai and Mount Phuong with their wings spread out (the wings are two peaks of the mountain) with Phuong's head and beak being Thanh Son pagoda and cave; A little further up is Doi Cheo Mountain, which resembles a large python crawling on the water; Nearby are Bung Mountain and Elephant Mountain with interesting legends because Huong Son has nineteen mountains facing Huong Tich cave, especially one mountain shaped like an elephant with its head out and butt in. So angry, Ho Phap used his sword to hit a piece of the elephant's butt, so now a piece of Elephant Mountain has collapsed; through Elephant Mountain, to Mam Xoi Mountain. On the right side, from the outside, is Ngu Nhac mountain with Trinh Temple. Tourists stop for a few minutes to burn incense and pay respects to the mountain god. Going forward are Deo mountain, Phong Su mountain, Son Thuy Huu Tinh cave, Trau cave, Cau Hoi, Thung Dau... And the last place of Yen stream is Vai forest and Nha Lang Lao Tac mountain. From this point, tourists get off the boat and start choosing their travel route. The pagoda is also called Tro pagoda, formerly just a small hermitage founded by Venerable Van Thuy Thien Thien Tran Dao Vien Quang Chan. During the resistance war against the French, the pagoda was destroyed. After 1954, the pagoda was rebuilt. In 1991, the Three Jewels Thien Tru was rebuilt as large and beautiful as it is today. To the right of the pagoda is the tower garden, where the relics of the Patriarchs who passed away here are kept. Behind the pagoda, on the mountainside is the "Thien Thuy Tower", on the left there is a semicircular lake. After entering the temple to worship Buddha, visitors rest to regain strength to continue their new journey. From Thien Tru (Outer Pagoda), turn right, follow a small road along the mountainside leading to Trong Pagoda, about more than 1km to Tien Son Pagoda. The pagoda was built on a high mountain. The pagoda is small and beautiful, the three-entrance gate is so high it looks like it's about to fly up. The pagoda is in a cave called Tien Mountain cave, worshiping Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara. In the cave, there are stalactites hanging down with many different shapes. There are stalactites that, when tapped, make a melodious, melodious sound. Still on the way to Trong Pagoda, turn left to Giai Oan Pagoda. The pagoda was founded by Master Thong Thong, the 2nd generation of monks named Cuong Truc. The pagoda was built halfway up Long Tuyen mountain, at first it was just a small hut made of simple wood and bamboo. The pagoda was restored in 1928 and 1937. In 1995, the pagoda was renovated with Tu Van temple and the temple yard was restored. The pagoda is a place to worship Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara. Currently, Tu Van temple still preserves the statue of Four Rats Quan Am cast in the 18th century. In the temple, there is a transparent Thanh Tri well that never dries up. Legend has it that this is the place where Lord Ba (Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara) used to bathe and cleanse the dust of the world before entering the Buddha realm. Since then, this well has been called Giai Oan well, and visitors often draw water to drink to pray for liberation from all injustices in the world. Giai Oan Pagoda has a harmonious architecture, located in the middle of an elegant and secluded natural landscape, adding to its solemn and mysterious appearance. Tourists coming here can drink the cool water of Thanh Tri well, as if forgetting the worries of everyday life when making a pilgrimage to the Buddha's land. From Giai Oan Pagoda, visitors continue the journey about 2.5km to Huong Tich Pagoda (also known as Trong Pagoda). The road to the cave has many winding places, sometimes uphill, sometimes downhill. The closer you get to the cave, the steeper the slope. Climbing up to the highest stone step and looking down, visitors will see a wide, deep, and attractive cave dome that looks like the jaws of a dragon, which is Huong Tich cave. Through the gate, go down 120 stone steps to enter the cave. Right in the middle, near the entrance and exit, there is a stalactite called "rice mound". Going a little deeper, there is a way to Heaven and a way to Hell. In the cave, the stalagmites and stalactites hang down to form a variety of shapes, the ancients were free to name them: silkworm nest, cocoon nest, pig pen, water hyacinth pond, gold tree, silver tree, girl's head, boy's head. .. Besides natural sculptures, there are also artificial sculptures, the most valuable being the statue of Avalokiteshvara made of green stone carved in the Tay Son period. Huong Tich is a famous beautiful cave and Lord Trinh Sam (17th century) personally wrote five Chinese characters on the cave door: "Nam Thien De Nhat Dong" (The most beautiful cave in the South). After paying homage at Trinh temple, getting on the boat to continue, visitors will see the stream split in two, on the right is the road to Huong Tich, on the left is the cave and Long Van pagoda. The pagoda is located on the mountainside, half hidden behind An Son mountain, half exposed among the green forest, surrounded by white clouds all year round. The pagoda was built in 1920. Long Van Cave was also created at this time. Although the cave is small, it is smoky all year round, so it always gives visitors a magical feeling of escape. After entering Thien Tru Pagoda, follow the small road along the mountainside, turn left, go south about 4km to reach Tuyet Son area. This is the second most beautiful complex after Huong Tich cave. Although Snow Stream is small, the water is clear and winding like a dragon crawling deep into the towering mountains. The first stop on this tour is to burn incense and perform ceremonies at Trinh Phu Yen temple. Then go to Bao Dai Co Sai to worship Buddha and listen to sutras. Bao Dai Pagoda has a serene landscape. In the pagoda, there is a Cuu Long court with quite high aesthetic value. Continue to reach Ngoc Long cave. Ngoc Long Cave is not very large but has unique beauty. In the cave, the light is dim, stalactites and stalagmites hang down like nests of tangerine dragons. The most beautiful is still the Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara statue carved into the cliff with a very compassionate and kind face.


Trang Kenh scenic spot

Location: Trang Kenh scenic spot is located in Thuy Nguyen district, 20km northeast of Hai Phong city center. Characteristics: Trang Kenh is a complex of limestone hills, caves, rivers, and water with poetic natural scenery.




Fishing port - Thuan Phuoc fish market

Address: 15 Thuan Phuoc, Hai Chau District, City. Da Nang. Characteristics: Thuan Phuoc Fishing Port - where bustling trading activities take place day and night and is a focal point supplying fresh seafood to local seafood processing units and some neighboring provinces. nearby and retail markets in the city.

Thuan Phuoc fishing port is managed by Thuan Phuoc Fishing Port Exploitation Enterprise. In the late 19s, this place was originally a white sand dune, with rowing boats such as junk boats, small fishing boats, fishing boats... anchored to sell fish to local residents. After the country's liberation, the market was built to be quite open and became a wharf for boats and boats returning from fishing trips. In 2002, the market was built into a new fishing port.


Tuy Loan ancient village

Location: Tuy Loan village is located southwest of Da Nang city, in Hoa Phong commune, Hoa Vang district. Characteristics: Tuy Loan Village has been established for over 500 years, bearing the mark of history, tradition and cultural identity of Vietnamese countryside.

Traveling along Highway 14B for about 15km will reach the ancient village. The river with the same name as the village "Tuy Loan" curves and hugs the village. The landscape here is very poetic, rustic, charming and contains many interesting things. Tuy Loan villagers built a village communal house to worship their ancestors. Tuy Loan Communal House is a nationally ranked historical and cultural relic, an attractive place for research, study and sightseeing. Tuy Loan village communal house was built in a central location, in the first year of Thanh Thai (1889) with an area of ​​over 110m² in a campus of more than 8,000m², airy, facing the river, overlooking the mountains, close to the main road. and especially there is an ancient banyan tree with lush branches and leaves that is probably more than a hundred years old, creating unforgettable impressions and emotions. At the stele placed in the communal house, there is also an autograph of Tam Giap, Dr. Nguyen Khue from Thanh Tri district (Hanoi) recording the establishment of the communal house. The inscription reads: "The communal house consists of a main building and a front hall, all made of precious wood and tiled." The epitaph at the House of the Five Clans in the village records that the five sages Dang, Lam, Nguyen, Tran, and Le were given orders by King Le Thanh Ton to expand the territory to the south (in the year of Hong Duc, 1470). The five people who stopped here chose this place to start a business and named the village Tuy Loan. More than a century has passed, the village communal house is still almost intact, solemn and quiet under the shadow of ancient banyan trees and among the village's bamboo groves. The communal house's courtyard has built pillars, screens, painted parallel sentences... very majestic and respectful. Every year, on the ninth day of the first lunar month, the village offers offerings at the beginning of the year and the village festival is also held on this occasion with many useful and fun cultural and sports activities such as boat racing, singing and answering questions, and baking competitions. handsome... attracts talented men, beautiful women, villagers from many places and visitors from all over to attend the festival and visit. On the 11th and 12th day of the 8th lunar month every year, the whole village solemnly holds a ceremony to show gratitude to the ancestors who publicly established the village and pray for peace in the country and people. Communal houses, banyan trees, water wharves... are typical symbols of Vietnamese ancient villages. Here, Tuy Loan village has a favorable location, the convergence of waterways and roads. The scenery here is as beautiful as a watercolor painting, with rivers, wharves, beaches, villages, rice fields, bridges, markets... Legend has it that Tuy Loan in the past was bustling and famous for its prosperity. , the bustling scene of the river market. Tuy Loan Market is like a center gathering most of the products from around the region: fish fish from Hoi An and Da Nang, forest products from the West, mats, hats, baskets from Cam Ne... Rice paper making. and Quang noodles in Tuy Loan have been famous since ancient times. Currently there are over 5 bakeries, including Ba Tinh bakery with a family tradition of more than 40 years. To have delicious rice paper, you must prepare five spices: fish sauce, salt, sugar, garlic and sesame. To have delicious and flexible noodles, you must choose 13/2 rice produced from the non-alum sandy soil of Dai Hiep commune (Dai Loc district). Mixing is the secret, an art of the village so that rice paper and noodles have a unique flavor that cannot be compared anywhere else. Folks have passed down the song that: Visitors to Da Nang, going from the North to the South, should stop by Tuy Loan, take a walk around the village and the riverside market, enjoy the taste of Quang noodles and rice paper, admire the village communal house and ancient village space. Having the opportunity to attend the village festival, you will be very interesting and have an unforgettable impression of an ancient village, a village communal house with rustic natural scenery, kind and warm people, rich in Vietnamese village cultural identity. worthy of pride and respect.


Nghe Temple

Location: An Bien ward, Le Chan district, Hai Phong city, about 600m from Hai Phong City Theater. Characteristics: It is a typical spiritual cultural tourist destination of Hai Phong city, outstanding with the art of carving on wood and stone.

Nghe Temple worships female general Le Chan - a talented general in the Hai Ba Trung uprising in the 1st century (40 - 43) - who came to the land of the confluence of Tam Bac - Cam river to establish Ven hamlet, later renamed An Bien. Trang, the predecessor of the City. Hai Phong today. Legend has it that when female general Le Chan threw herself into the river to commit suicide, she turned into stone and floated on the river surface. From the river in Dong Trieu (Quang Ninh) - Ba's old hometown - to Da wharf (now Binh wharf), it bobbed and rotated on the water. The people of An Bien village knew that she had become a saint, so they immediately carried the sacred stone to worship. When they arrived at the current Nghe temple area, there was a sudden storm and the wind caused the stones to fall. The villagers then chose that area of ​​fallen rocks to build a temple to worship her and annually organize a festival to commemorate her birthday (February 8 of the lunar calendar) and transformation day (December 25 of the lunar calendar). At first, the temple was just a small shrine with a thatched roof. From 1919 to 1926, the temple was built more spaciously, adding a number of architectural items. Through the process of renovation and embellishment, Nghe Temple is now a relic complex with the architectural style of the 20th century Nguyen Dynasty, including: three gates, harem court, worshiping hall, incense burning, dance ceremony. , stele house - where statues of stone elephants, stone horses, stone collapses, and stone steles are placed; At the back, there are four palaces. The temple's harem consists of 3 compartments designed in the style of a 2-storey roof. Inside, there is a statue of female general Le Chan sitting on a throne, placed in a large red-painted, gilded coffin with a majestic, kind, and beautiful appearance; Both sides worship her parents. The 5-compartment hall is supported by 16 ironwood columns, resting on 16 meticulously carved boulders; In the middle is embossed a row of large Chinese characters "An Bien ancient temple". Between the harem and the altar is a 2-story incense burning house with a central roof with a knife's head. Visiting Nghe Temple, in addition to visiting the temple's unique architectural complex, visitors can also admire many valuable stone sculptures, typically stone carvings and stone collapses. Khanh is made from a monolithic stone slab 5cm thick, 1m high, 1.6m wide. On the front, there are two dragons flanking the moon and clouds flying around; The back is engraved with flying clouds and water waves. When knocked, the stone's sound resonates and is clear, guiding us to the magical and sacred spiritual realm. The massive stone collapse, made of solid stone blocks, is elaborately embossed with images of birds, animals, flowers, and leaves, demonstrating the extremely sophisticated carving techniques of ancient artisans. In addition, the temple also houses a large stone stele carved in the Nguyen Dynasty, recording the biography of female general Le Chan. About 100m northwest of Nghe Temple, there is a statue of female general Le Chan cast in bronze, 7.5m high, weighing 19 tons, located in the city's central flower garden. Construction on the statue began in November 1999 and was inaugurated on December 31, 2000. In 1975, Nghe Temple was ranked as a national historical and cultural relic by the State.


Cat Ba World Biosphere Reserve

Location: Cat Ba World Biosphere Reserve is located on Cat Ba island, Cat Ba town, Cat Hai district, City. Hai Phong. Characteristics: This is one of the world's biosphere reserves.

Cat Ba is an archipelago with up to 366 large and small islands. The main island is Cat Ba, about 100km² wide, 30 nautical miles from Hai Phong port, connected to Ha Long Bay, creating a complex of islands and sea caves that fascinate tourists. Coming here, visitors will enjoy fresh air and immerse themselves in beautiful nature. The area of ​​Cat Ba National Park planned to be protected is 15,200 hectares, including 9,800 hectares of forest and 4,200 hectares of sea. The garden's terrain is diverse, mainly limestone mountains with many interesting caves and interspersed with smooth, white sand beaches where tourists bathe. The limestone mountains have an average height of 150m, the highest being Cao Vong peak 322m above sea level. According to a folk tale in the Northeast, Cat Ba Island was originally the harem of the first man to explore and break rocks in this area. When he discovered a precious bay with many beautiful islands that was later named Ha Long, it was also the time when he had to support many lonely girls at the same time, whose husbands had never returned. After many uncertain sea voyages. Then, in order to have free time to explore the Hon Gai and Bai Chay areas, he gathered all the women to live on a beautiful, prosperous, isolated island in the middle of the sea, located in Lan Ha Bay. Therefore, later, the land of Bai Chay and Hon Gai was named Grandfather's Land, and the other island was named Cac Ba Island. Through many changes, ups and downs, now there are two remaining places, Cua Ong (Quang Ninh) and Cat Ba (Hai Phong), which were created by different names. There is another story associated with Vietnam's history of defending the country that, when fighting against the invading Yuan army, national hero Tran Hung Dao chose this Northeast sea area as a place to gather, train troops, and store troops. Herbs. The caves in this sea area were all mobilized to hide military supplies and hide our troops' ships and boats. Therefore, the sea area on the Ha Long side was chosen as a military area - today there is also Dau Go Cave, which is said to be the place where our troops hid the wooden stakes covered with iron that made the famous Bach Dang victory, and the sea area The side of Lan Ha Bay is the place to store food and provide medical care, and is the area governed by the Ladies. That's why it's called Cua Duc Ong, Dao Ca Ba, later changed to Cua Ong, Cat Ba... The climate on Cat Ba island is very cool, fresh, suitable for tourism to rest and recuperate. From Hanoi to Cat Ba, about 150km east, the most convenient way is to go by road or rail to Hai Phong and then from Hai Phong by canoe or boat to the island. Renting a cruise ship, you can travel all over Lan Ha Bay, visit more than 100 different large and small beaches, extremely beautiful beaches with attractive names: Cat Co 1, Cat Co 2, Da Bang Beach , Ben Beo Beach, Co Tien Beach... You can even go around to Ha Long Bay, it only takes 4 to 6 hours to freely admire the scenery and visit unnamed beaches and interesting caves. has not been included in the exploitation list. Right on Cat Ba island, you can also visit Trung Trang cave, Hoa Cuong cave, Thien Long cave, which promise many interesting discoveries. Cat Ba is an inseparable natural and ecological tourism cluster. Many archaeological relics of the Neolithic period, Ha Long cultural relics and traces of ancient Vietnamese people were discovered here. Today Cat Ba has become a national park, preserving in its heart the primeval tropical forest ecosystem. Cat Ba beach has up to 300 species of marine fish, 500 species of molluscs and crustaceans, many of which can be used as raw materials to produce precious handicrafts such as tortoiseshell turtles, dragon shrimp, pearl oysters, corals, mussel shells, Sea snails... Cat Ba National Park has both forest and sea with rich resources, beautiful landscapes and many rare species of flora and fauna. The total area of ​​the garden is 15,200 hectares, of which the mountain forest area is 9,800 hectares and the sea area is 4,200 hectares. The terrain is diverse, mainly limestone mountains with many caves. With an average height of 150m, in the garden there are also many small passes such as Da Lat pass, Eo Bua pass, Khoan Cao pass... and many large streams with water all year round such as Thuong Luong stream, Treo Com stream, Viet Hai stream ... Cat Ba forest is a tropical forest with special soil subtypes. Forests on limestone mountains occupy the largest area, interspersed with forests growing naturally on dirt mountains, especially in the Trung Trang area where Kim Giao forest grows naturally. The flora here has 620 species, belonging to 123 valuable families such as Dog Dai, Trai Ly, Lat Hoa, Dinh, Kim Giao... These are plants that need to be protected and developed. The fauna here is also very rich with 20 species of mammals, 69 species of birds, 20 species of reptiles and amphibians, especially the White-headed Langur that often lives on coastal cliffs - this is a very rare mammal. rare and now only found in Cat Ba. Caves on Cat Ba island are also very rich, each cave has a different beauty, creating magnificent and vivid natural paintings that make viewers feel lost in a fairyland. The most typical are Luon cave, Trung Trang cave, Gia Luan cave, Thien Long cave... with stalactites of many shapes and sizes, very beautiful. Cat Ba today is still like a shy fairy in the middle of the sea with its pristine appearance, still retaining its appeal with generations-old legends about the rich cultural history of this land.


Hai Phong city

Area: 1,527.4 km² Population: 1,963.3 thousand people (2015). Districts: - Districts: Hong Bang, Ngo Quyen, Le Chan, Kien An, Hai An, Duong Kinh, Do Son. - Districts: Thuy Nguyen, An Duong, An Lao, Kien Thuy, Tien Lang, Vinh Bao, Cat Hai, Bach Long Vi. Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh), Hoa, Tay, Nung...

Natural conditions Hai Phong coastal city, one of Vietnam's major tourist centers, is located on the East-Pacific coast; The north borders Quang Ninh province, the east borders the East Sea, the west borders Hai Duong province, the south borders Thai Binh province. Hai Phong is located in the tropical monsoon region, average temperature 23ºC - 24ºC, annual rainfall 1,600 - 1,800mm, warm weather all year round, fresh green fruit in four seasons. Potential for tourism development The Cai Beo archaeological site (Cat Ba) proves that this land was inhabited over 6,000 years ago. Currently, Hai Phong still retains many historical relics, many scenic spots, many temples, pagodas, mausoleums and the Buffalo Fighting Festival, a unique and famous festival of Do Son. Hai Phong is located on the Hanoi - Hai Phong - Ha Long Bay tourist route. Hai Phong has Do Son resort reaching out to the sea up to 5km. From Do Son by speedboat, visitors can visit Cat Ba island and national park, visit Bai Tu Long Bay and Ha Long Bay (Quang Ninh). Transportation Hai Phong has a large seaport located on the East - West, North - South international maritime route. It is an important transportation hub with domestic and international water, road, rail, and aviation transportation systems. - Road: Hai Phong is 102km from Hanoi along National Highway 5. Hai Phong is located on National Highway 10: Thai Binh - Hai Phong - Quang Ninh. - Railway: Every day there are trains from Hanoi - Hai Phong - Hanoi. - Waterway: There is a waterway route from Hai Phong - Ha Long - Cat Ba - Mong Cai. - Airline: There are daily flights to the city. Ho Chi Minh - Hai Phong.


Bao Dai Villa

Location: Van Huong ward, Do Son district, City. Hai Phong Characteristics: is a unique architectural work with unique historical value

Bao Dai Villa was built by Governor General of Indochina Pafquiere in 1928 with an octagonal shape according to French architecture. In 1932, after returning from studying in France, King Bao Dai was invited to visit this place. Because he liked the unique architecture and landscape beauty here, it was ceded by Governor General of Indochina Pafquiere. From then on, this building was named Bao Dai Villa. King Bao Dai used this place from 1933 to 1954 to work and rest with his family whenever he went to the North. Since May 1955, Bao Dai Villa has been under the management of the Ministry of National Defense of Vietnam. In 1984, the Ministry of National Defense handed over this villa to Hai Phong Tourism Company (now Do Tourism Joint Stock Company). Son) managed and renovated it according to the 1928 architectural model and began opening to welcome tourists in 1997. Bao Dai Villa has a campus of 3,700 square meters, of which the usable area is about 1,000 square meters. , surrounded by flowers and many trees. At an altitude of nearly 40m above sea level, the building has views of the sea and the entire Do Son peninsula. The villa has 1 basement and 2 aboveground floors. The basement has kitchen space, storage space, technical room, and servants' room. The first floor has the living room, office, dining room, and bedroom of King Bao Dai and Queen Nam Phuong. The second floor is the bedroom of the princesses, princes and a room of the royal office mandarin Nguyen De - a close person of King Bao Dai during his reign. In the bedrooms, artifacts are still kept in place. When visiting Bao Dai Villa, visitors will hear the tour guide tell many interesting stories related to the life of King Bao Dai, who is famous for his saying: "Being a citizen of an independent country is better than being a king of another country." slave country". Visitors will also have the opportunity to enjoy Hue royal cuisine with many attractive and unique dishes right on the windy sea. In addition, visitors can rent royal costumes to take souvenir photos at the villa. Bao Dai Villa has long become a unique tourist destination, welcoming many tourists every year. The majestic and poetic beauty of the villa area between heaven and earth in the "Cuu Long Chau Ngoc" range has contributed to the attraction of Do Son tourism.


Khue Trung Cemetery

Location: Located in Binh Hoa 1 area, Khue Trung ward, Hai Chau district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: Khue Trung Cemetery was established according to the decree issued by the king to gather the remains of generals and soldiers of the country who passed away during the resistance war against the French invaders in 1858.




Dinh Nai Nam

Location: Nai Nam communal house is now in Nam Son block, Hoa Cuong ward, Hai Chau district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: Nai Nam Communal House Relics, in addition to the value of an architectural - artistic relic, is also one of the remaining typical intact ancient village communal houses in the inner city of Da Nang.

The communal house was built in the year At Ty (1905) from the contributions of local people, worshiping the upright security tutelary god, the local god and the ancestors of the village. The communal house is deeply marked by the culture of the Nguyen Dynasty, the roof is covered with yin and yang tiles, the walls are bricks, on the roof of the communal house are two dragons flanking the moon, a phoenix of peace, a bat with a peach in its mouth, shown through the elaborate art of porcelain mosaics. spectacular. The inside is divided into 3 rooms, 2 wings, the main part is 11.7m long, 7.9m wide, the back part is 3.9m wide, 4.1m long. There are 4 rows of columns including 20 columns made of jackfruit wood, with a height of 2.5m - 4.5m. The structure follows the principle of "stacking the beam - pretending to defend". The gable part is skillfully and exquisitely carved by the talented hands of Kim Bong carver (Hoi An), showing the themes: carp turning into a dragon, eight treasures of Confucianism, along with floral motifs, flowers. Every year there is a ceremony to pray for peace at the communal house on the full moon day of the second lunar month and on the year-end holiday (30 Tet). NaiNam communal house was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national monument on January 4, 1999.


The church of the Qua Giang clan

Location: The Qua Giang sect church is now located in Qua Giang village, Hoa Phuoc commune, Hoa Vang district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: The church was built in the year of the Snake (1821) to worship Quan Thanh and the predecessors of the four clans Dinh, Le, Tran, Nguyen - those who had meritorious service following Lord Nguyen to the South to explore the land and establish Qua village. Descend.

The church is divided into two parts: the front hall and the main hall. Connecting the front hall and main hall are two rows of covered corridors creating a closed rectangular architecture. The front hall is built in the style of stacking fake arms and legs, all decorated with pumpkin shapes, and the top is decorated with a lotus flower shape. The two main rows of columns, each row of four columns 5m high, support two trusses and the two lower rows of columns support two secondary roofs. The beams and rafters are decorated with plants, flowers, animals, precious bowls and other decorative lines. The rafter tail is carved with the image of a carp turning into a dragon. The main church part is built in a three-section style with three compartments and four roofs. Four main columns are 5m high, 8 military columns are 3m high and 16 sub-columns support the rafters. The top of the bars is engraved with a dragon's head, the middle is decorated with the word longevity and other floral decorations. The set of upper and lower doors along with the set of door eyes clearly shows the architectural style of Hoi An with the skillful hands of the famous Kim Bong village craftsman. The church's roof is covered with yin and yang tiles with the image of the phoenix mingling on the roof. On either side are two dragons looking back at each other. The animals in the "four sacred animals" are also brought to the front roof of the front hall. Every year, villagers hold two Spring and Autumn ceremonies on February 20 and July 12 of the lunar calendar to commemorate the ancestors who developed this land. The Qua Giang Sect Church was recognized as a national monument by the Ministry of Culture and Information on February 1, 2000.


Dien Hai Citadel

Location: Dien Hai citadel relic is located in Thach Thang ward, Hai Chau district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: Dien Hai Citadel is a mark remembering the tradition of fighting against the French of the people of Da Nang and the whole country, determined to maintain national independence and protect the territory.

Dien Hai Citadel was formerly Dien Hai Fort, built in 1813 (12th Gia Long) near Da Nang seaport. In 1823 (the 4th Minh Mang) moved Dien Hai post to the mainland, on a high mound and in 1835 (15th Minh Mang) the post was renamed Dien Hai. In 1840, Secretary of the Ministry of Public Works Nguyen Cong Tru came to review the defense system in Da Nang, then proposed to strengthen the defense of Dien Hai and An Hai citadels. In 1847 (the 7th Thieu Tri), Dien Hai citadel was expanded to a circumference of 556m, the citadel was 5m higher, surrounded by a 3m deep moat. The citadel has 2 doors, one door opens to the south (main door), one door opens to the east. Inside the citadel, there is a palace, a flag platform, facilities to store food, ammunition, gunpowder and is equipped with 30 large cannon emplacements. The citadel was built of brick according to the Vauban design scheme, square in shape. Currently, the western, eastern city walls and corners are relatively intact, while the southern city gate is lost and the northern one is damaged. Recently, Dien Hai citadel relics were restored, reinforced, and restored to their original state. A majestic monument of General Nguyen Tri Phuong was built here, to remember a heroic historical period of the city. Dien Hai Citadel is an important fortress that contributed to defeating the French colonial attack on Da Nang in the years 1858 - 1860. On November 16, 1988, the citadel was ranked by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national historical relic. and was assigned a monument on August 25, 1998.


Tomb of Ong Ich Khiem

Location: Located at Hoa Tho commune cemetery, Hoa Vang district, Da Nang city, 10km southwest of the city center. Characteristics: Ong Ich Khiem's ​​grave was recognized as a national monument by the Ministry of Culture and Information on July 12, 2001.




Tien Son Sports Palace

Location: No. 3 Phan Dang Luu, Hai Chau District, City. Danang. Characteristics: has architecture that is considered the most modern in Southeast Asia.

Tien Son Sports Palace has a total area of ​​more than 94,000m², including: gymnasium, yard, garden, landscape, parking lot. The stadium was built on an area of ​​nearly 10,500 square meters, based on the idea of ​​creating a giant flying saucer leaning towards the city center. Da Nang, expressing the constant desire of the city's people to rise. With this idea, the design unit advocates using simple, curved lines on the exterior of the building, exuding the youthful, modern and dynamic look of a sports building. The roof structure of the building uses many modern materials with soft lines, giving the building a serene and truly impressive beauty. The stadium can accommodate from 5,000 to 7,000 people, including 4 floors arranged in accordance with the function of the sports palace and convenient for organizing programs and activities. In particular, the basement includes the club organization area and technical equipment management rooms. The first floor has a sports stadium, hall, media area, VIP guest area, referee room, athletes room, service area... The second floor includes a souvenir area and a control area. Overall operation of Tien Son Sports Palace's activities, especially the grandstand area with 4 grandstands A, B, C, D with a total of 6,500 seats (not including the pull-out and folding chair system). The 3rd floor is equipped with retail equipment counters, restrooms, hallways... The 4th floor is the break area. To facilitate the travel of the audience as well as technicians and organizers, the project has 7 staircases, 2 elevators, emergency exits and paths reserved for disabled people. All construction items are constructed with technical requirements ensuring almost absolute accuracy to meet the requirements of organizing tournaments with the most modern amenities and technical means. Since coming into operation, at Tien Son Sports Palace, many programs and events of national, regional and international stature have taken place such as: the final of the Miss Vietnam 2012 contest, the volleyball tournament. Asian female students 2011, final round of the 2011 national Robocon creative contest, final round of the 2013 Asia-Pacific Robocon creative contest... With unique and modern architecture, Tien Son Sports Palace is considered as one of the most modern sports facilities in Southeast Asia, creating a new highlight for the city on the banks of the Han River and elevating the urban level in the new phase of development.


Bo Ban Communal House

Location: Bo Ban communal house is currently located in Bo Ban village, Hoa Phong commune, Hoa Vang district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: The communal house was built in the early years of the 19th century with bamboo sticks at Tam Vi temple mound.

Bo Ban Communal House was established to worship the Tutelary God, the village's predecessors and is a place for annual festivals. In 1852, the communal house was moved to the center of the village. With brick walls and yin-yang tiled roof, the communal house is divided into 3 compartments; 2 wings; 14.5m long; 9.7m wide; There are 36 pillars made of jackfruit wood and kien kien. The structure of the rafters and columns is also shown in the way of overlapping the rafter, the ends of the trusses touch the heads of dragons, the rafters touch apricot, bamboo, pine, and orchids. In addition, there are also birds and animals such as sparrows, monkeys and floral motifs, carved delicately, skillfully and meticulously, creating unique, artistic sculptures. art, has scientific value. The communal house was ranked as a historical and cultural relic by the Ministry of Culture and Information on January 4, 1999.


Dinh Tuy Loan

Location: Tuy Loan communal house is currently located in Tuy Loan village, Hoa Phong commune, Hoa Vang district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: Tuy Loan Communal House is the only communal house that still retains 15 ordinations from the Minh Mang to Bao Dai dynasties.

Built in the late 18th century, specifically in the first year of Thanh Thai (1889). Like Nai Nam and Bo Ban communal houses, Tuy Loan communal houses worship the local Tutelary God and the village's predecessors and descendants. The communal house has an area of ​​110m², located in a campus of more than 8,000m², airy, facing the river, overlooking the mountains, close to the main road, under the shade of an ancient banyan tree with luxuriant branches and leaves. The communal house's roof is covered with yin and yang tiles, the walls are made of bricks, the roof is decorated with two dragons flanking the moon, and the two ends of the roof are covered with curving dragon shapes and are made of porcelain. The communal house is divided into 3 rooms, 2 wings, the back part is 2.4m wide, 2.7m long, including 4 rows of jackfruit wooden columns, each row has 6 columns from 2.5 to 4.5m high. Structure of trusses and columns in the style of overlapping beams. The fake hands are carved with stylized flowers and leaves, and the fake hands' legs are decorated with pumpkin shapes. The two ends of the bars touch the dragon's head, the rafters at the two gable ends touch the dragon's head and the patterns of rolling rattan, chrysanthemum, peony... show the talent of Kim Bong workers. Every year, people hold Spring offerings on the 14th - 15th day of the second lunar month and Autumn offerings on the 14th - 15th day of the eighth lunar month at the communal house. The communal house was ranked as a historical and cultural relic by the Ministry of Culture and Information on January 4, 1999.


Non Nuoc stone carving village

Location: Non Nuoc stone carving village is located in Hoa Hai ward, Ngu Hanh Son district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: This is a place that produces famous marble handicrafts throughout the country and abroad.

Perhaps no one comes to Marble Mountains without visiting Non Nuoc stone carving village. The village was formed in the 18th century by a Thanh Hoa artisan named Huynh Ba Quat. In the 19th century, the whole village made a living from this profession. The raw material to make handicraft products is marble previously mined in Ngu Hanh Son mountain. Ngu Hanh Son mountain stone has many five-color patterns, noble beauty, and is a popular item in construction and architecture. From the emotionless soil and stone, the artisans of the fine stone village have breathed into it the human soul. This process takes place in many stages, and there are also extremely difficult and tiring stages, but the happiness at a finished work and the admiring attitude of the audience have helped the craft villagers. This fine art is increasingly attached to his work. Marble handicraft products are quite diverse: Buddha statues, saint statues, human statues, animal statues..., smooth and colorful stone bracelets with delicate and elaborate carvings. Coming to Ngu Hanh Son, visitors can freely choose to buy stone souvenirs made by the talented hands of local artisans.


Nam O Beach

Location: Nam O beach is located in Hoa Hiep ward, Lien Chieu district, Da Nang city, 17km northwest of the city center. Characteristics: Nam O beach has a moderate slope, along the foot of the mountain, with a very charming landscape.

According to local people, the name Nam O means in the south of ancient O continent. Nam O beach has been around since the early 60s, mainly satisfying the needs of local people. The beach has a number of shops built in the style of stilt houses to serve tourists. From Nam O beach, visitors can take a small trip halfway up the mountain to Son Tra peninsula and Da Nang city or take a boat back to the West along the Cu De river, taking a wildlife tour. Thailand, visiting a Ka-Tu ethnic village in Hoa Bac commune, Hoa Vang district.


Champa Sculpture Museum

Location: The museum is located at the junction of Trung Nu Vuong and Bach Dang streets, Da Nang city. Characteristics: This is the last collection of Champa sculpture in the world located in Da Nang, the old center of the Champa kingdom.

The Champa Sculpture Museum was built in 1915 under the sponsorship of the French Far Eastern Research Institute in Vietnam. In 1936, the Museum was expanded and officially inaugurated in 1939. The Champa Sculpture Museum was built Modeled after the Champa architecture, the white exhibition block has small but simple and charming decorative lines. Currently, the museum displays about 300 original sculptures made of sandstone, a few are terracotta collected from Cham temples and towers scattered in the Central region from Quang Binh to Binh Thuan. These are the altars and decorative reliefs on the architecture. They are displayed in 10 rooms named after the localities where the artifacts were discovered. The architecture dates from the 5th to the 15th century according to the "Mother of the country" matriarchy.


Ba Na - Chua Mountain

Location: Located in Hoa Ninh commune, Hoa Vang district, Da Nang city, about 30km southwest of the city center. Characteristics: Considered the "green lung" of Da Nang.

Ba Na Mountain has an altitude of nearly 1,500m above sea level, the climate is cool all year round, the average temperature is from 17-20°C. Visitors to Ba Na not only enjoy the fresh air, feel the four seasons of spring-summer-autumn-winter in just one day, but also have the opportunity to admire beautiful natural landscapes such as Toc Tien waterfall, Mo stream, Nui Chua peak or visit spiritual tourist destinations such as Linh Ung pagoda, Linh Chua Linh Tu temple, Nghinh Phong Tu tower, Ba temple... With those advantages, Ba Na eco-tourism - resort Hills has been invested and built on Ba Na Mountain to serve tourists, including a complex of hotels, restaurants, entertainment areas, sightseeing, and world-class shopping, in which the highlight is the international-class shopping system. The cable car system includes 3 routes: Mo stream - Ba Na, Debay - Morin and Toc Tien waterfall - L'Indochine. According to confirmation from the World Cable Car Association, as of April 2013, the Ba Na cable car system has established 4 world records: the cable car has the longest cable length on a single journey (5,801m); The cable car has the largest difference in altitude per journey (1,368m); The cable route has the longest total cable length (11,587m) and the heaviest cable route (141.24 tons). Coming to Ba Na Hills, visitors will be fascinated by French-style architectural works such as Debay wine cellar, Morin restaurant, romantic and poetic French village with squares, churches, hotels..., gardens Le Jardin D'Amour flowers gather hundreds of flower species typical of cold countries, creating a romantic, spacious and fragrant space. Besides, visitors can enjoy relaxing moments with family and friends at Fantasy Park, one of the five largest indoor amusement parks in Asia and the only indoor amusement park. of Vietnam and the world is located on the top of the mountain. With an area of ​​21,000m², Fantasy Park includes a Softplay children's play area; 3D Mega 360°, 4D, 5D cinemas; Thrilling game area, wax statue display area... Along with Fantasy Park, visitors also have the opportunity to experience the double spiral slide game or the funicular train system that first appeared in Vietnam. These unique types of entertainment will give visitors unforgettable impressions. With the desire to bring visitors a complete experience, Ba Na also provides unique culinary services with a diverse restaurant system serving traditional Vietnamese dishes and many unique Asian and European dishes such as Hoi An, Morin, Caucasus restaurants... If during the day Ba Na has a pristine and brilliant look, Ba Na at night has a gentle and romantic look. Let's experience Ba Na night by lighting a campfire, holding hands, singing, dancing, participating in group games... to temporarily forget the worries and chaos of life. Every year, when summer comes, Ba Na Summer Festival is held with many unique and attractive activities such as flower festivals, street carnaval festivals, music and magic performances, wine festivals...


Marble

Location: Ngu Hanh Son is in Hoa Hai ward, Ngu Hanh Son district, about 7km southeast of Da Nang city center. Characteristics: Ngu Hanh Son is located on a strip of golden sand about 2km long and about 800m wide.

Ngu Hanh Son is not high, the slopes are steep and craggy, with sparse vegetation. Marble stone is a type of marble with many colors: opaque, milky white, pink, gray with red veins, dark brown, dark green..., not very hard and is a very good material for statues and furniture. decorative arts. There are many legends about the formation of Ngu Hanh Son, including the story: "Once upon a time, this place was a deserted sea, with only an old man living alone in a thatched hut. One day, the morning sky suddenly darkened, a storm arose, a very large dragon appeared struggling on the sand and a giant egg slowly rolled out under its belly. Then the dragon turned back to the sea and disappeared. Moments later, a golden turtle appeared, claiming to be the Kim Quy god, dug the sand to bury the egg and assigned the old man the task of protecting Long Quan's blood. The egg grew larger and larger, rising up to occupy a large area of ​​land. The eggshell shines in all colors of blue, red, white, yellow, and purple, sparkling like a giant brick. One day, the old man had just fallen asleep when he heard the sound of fire. He asked for help from the turtle's claw - the item that the Kim Quy god had left for him when he left, and inside the egg appeared a spacious, cool cave. He laid down and fell asleep without knowing that a miracle was happening: a beautiful girl came out of the egg and where he lay was one of five marble stones that had just been formed from five pieces of the egg's shell. ...”.


Hang Kenh Communal House

Location: located at 55 Nguyen Cong Tru street, Hang Kenh ward, Le Chan district, Hai Phong city. Characteristics: is one of the ancient communal houses of Hai Phong.

Hang Kenh Communal House's literal name is Nhan Tho Communal House. According to research sources, Hang Kenh communal house was built in the early 18th century, during the reign of King Le Du Tong. After hundreds of years of upheaval, the communal house was repaired and rebuilt in the year of the Pig during Tu Duc's reign (1851). The communal house has a gong-shaped architecture including: Great communal house, morning glory house and harem. In addition to the main architecture, there are also two dance courts and a semicircular lake. The communal house is the most important architectural part of the communal house. The building's frame is made in the micro-variation style of "The gong price overlaps the beam and the child" with 6 rows of columns. The entire load-bearing frame has 7 sets of pillars with 42 pillars over 5m high, the circumference of the main pillar is nearly 2m, placed on green stone bases embossed with a lotus spreading its wings, creating the feeling of the architecture expanding in time. a lotus pond. The pavilion's roof is covered with funny-shaped tiles, with four curved blades as if lifting heavy roofed ships up. Inside the communal house, except for the pillars and the system of diaphragms and rafters, all the architectural components of the communal house are carved and decorated with dozens of types of flowers, birds, and birds, each with a different size, style, and appearance. different. In addition to architectural beauty, Hang Kenh communal house also has sculptural value. In the communal house, there are more than 100 carved panels, with the image of the dragon - one of the "four sacred animals" of the Vietnamese people - being the main theme. The unique feature is the more than 400 dragons in the carved panels, each with a different look, each with a different posture and carved in each nest, mother dragons and baby dragons entwined together among the flowers and plants. Walking in the pavilion, viewers seem to be lost in the world of dragons, which is extremely lively, bustling, and magical. Stylized carvings of dragons, clouds, and flowers float on the surface of the planks and at the foot of the bars as if challenging time. The main room of the communal house has a gilded hammock door with symmetrical carvings. This hammock door is like a vivid sculpture with images of two dragons flanking the moon, a pair of phoenix birds spreading their wings, a horse crossing the river, a turtle striding and a lotus pond. There are few places where artisans use "shaping" or "filigree" to carve like here. Hang Kenh Communal House not only has great value in terms of architectural and sculptural art, but also preserves unique and rare boat floorboard knowledge, making Hang Kenh Communal House a unique cultural heritage among the temples. Vietnamese family. In the communal house, many precious artifacts are kept: epitaphs recording the names of the village's people who passed the exam from 1460 to 1693. Hang Kenh communal house still has many offerings such as bells, bronze tops, bronze gongs, cranes, water hyacinths, and wooden incense bowls. Porcelain, statues, horizontal panels, parallel sentences, hammock doors, bowl palanquins, wooden elephants and horses are intricately carved, splendidly painted with rich, vivid patterns. Hang Kenh Communal House worships the "Father of the Restoration of the Nation" Ngo Quyen, who was instrumental in defeating the Southern Han army on the Bach Dang River in 938, opening a long-term era of independence and autonomy for the Vietnamese people. Hundreds of years have passed, with many changes and upheavals, Hang Kenh communal house is still a perfect architectural work of art, a unique memorial monument to Ngo Vuong Quyen in Hai Phong. In the communal house, there is a stele singing the Bach Dang battle of Ngo Quyen against Nam Han. The communal house also has a statue of Ngo Quyen and a model of a warship. Visiting Hang Kenh communal house, visitors seem to be aroused from the depths of their minds the emotions about their origins and their respect for Duc Ngo Vuong. Before 1945, Hang Kenh often held a blessing festival in the middle of the second lunar month every year to commemorate Ngo Quyen; There are often A Dao singing, wooden crane dancing, ancient Cheo singing and many fun games that create an atmosphere of prosperity in the early spring. With unique and rare values, Hang Kenh communal house was ranked an architectural and artistic relic by the state in 1962.


Do Son Beach

Location: Do Son Beach is located in Do Son District, City. Hai Phong. Characteristics: Do Son is a famous resort and beach resort in the North.

Do Son is a small peninsula due to the Dragon Mountain range stretching out to the sea, with dozens of peaks from 25 to 130m high. There is a fine sand beach and a shady casuarina beach. Following are the mountain and hill. Do Son has the following conditions: facilities such as houses, hotels, restaurants, roads, electricity and water are quite complete. Previously, Do Son was a place for kings, lords, and mandarins to rest and enjoy. There is also the solid octagonal house of Bao Dai - the last king of Vietnamese feudalism. Do Son beach is divided into 3 main areas: area 1 is located right at the beginning of Do Son district, area 2 has many modern hotels, area 3 is quiet and discreet. On summer days, Do Son is very lively. Tourists from all over the country as well as international visitors come here to swim, rest and climb mountains, watching the three beautiful seas.


Tam Thai Pagoda

Location: The pagoda is located in Hoa Hai commune, Hoa Vang district, in the Ngu Hanh Son area, Da Nang city, 13km from the city center. Characteristics: The pagoda on the southern slopes (Thuy Son), going up 156 stone steps, is an ancient pagoda built in the Later Le Dynasty.




Hai Van Pass

Location: Hai Van Pass is located along the slopes of Hai Van mountain, between Thua Thien - Hue province and Da Nang city. Characteristics: This is the highest pass (about 500m above sea level), full of dangers and also is the last mountain peak of a Truong Son mountain range running horizontally into the sea.

Hai Van Pass is precarious on one side are mountains and forests, on the other side is the sea. The top of the pass is covered with clouds all year round so it is also called "Cloud Pass". In Phu Bien Tap Luc, Le Quy Don once commented: Hai Van is close to the bottom. The coast, above the clouds, is the limit of Thuan Hoa and Quang Nam. Previously, in the 13th century, this land belonged to the two continents O and Ri of the Champa kingdom, and was given by Champa king Che Man as a bride price to propose to Princess Huyen Tran of the Tran dynasty. Right at the top of the pass, traces of ancestors are still left: the pass gates and horizontal ramparts. The door looking towards Thua Thien palace has three words "Hai Van Quan", the door looking down on Quang Nam has the title "The most majestic gate in the world" (this is the title given by King Le Thanh Ton when he stopped to admire the scenery here). On the road through Vietnam through the sunny and windy Central region, Hai Van Pass has long become an ideal place for tourists going to the South and the North. From Da Nang, follow Highway 1A north, after passing through Nam O area, visitors begin to go to Hai Van Pass. The pass road is winding and winding along the mountainside, winding like a strip of silk across the cloudy sky. The wind was like a herd of horses traveling for miles, clouds seemed to fall from the sky. There are times when heavy clouds cover the entire pass, entangling and clinging to tourists' feet, making their footsteps seem lost in a strange, misty realm. Also from here, on beautiful days, visitors can clearly see the panorama of Da Nang city, Tien Sa Port - Son Tra Peninsula, Cu Lao Cham... and long golden sand beaches embracing the water surface. the clear blue of the sea. What nature gives, over time and through human hands, will become human values. Coming to Hai Van means coming to the intersection between two lands, satisfying the psychology of occupying the peak, immersing yourself in the epic echoes of many ancient Vietnamese footsteps to open the world, reminiscing and remembering the deep past. of the Central region.


Son Tra Nature Reserve

Location: Son Tra nature reserve on Son Tra peninsula (also known as Son Cha) in Son Tra district, Da Nang city. Characteristics: This is a beautiful forest and sea complex located next to the city, recognized as a national nature reserve in 1980.

Son Tra Nature Reserve has both a coastal wetland ecosystem and a primeval tropical wet forest, protected under the national prohibited forest regime. The total natural area is 4,439 hectares, of which forest and forestry land is 4,180 hectares, forested land is 3,431 hectares (natural forest 2,806 hectares, planted forest 625 hectares), non-forest land is 748 hectares. The primeval forest on the peninsula is the meeting place of two typical flora and fauna systems of the North and South, including 298 species of tall plants belonging to 271 genera, 90 families, 64 types of large woods, 107 precious medicinal plants and many varieties. Orchid. Famous as a place with unique vegetation, Son Tra's tropical plant genetic resources are very diverse and rich with a large number of individuals capable of providing indigenous tree varieties for afforestation such as: Chai, Areca nut, glossy leaf oil... Son Tra has more than a hundred species of animals with dozens of rare species listed in the world's red book for conservation such as red-fronted chickens, reticulated pythons, and aquatic animals; Among them, the Da Va langur is considered an endemic mammal of Indochina that needs to be protected. Here there are more than 400 red-shanked douc langurs, known as the Queen of primates, along with many monkeys such as long-tailed macaques and golden monkeys (so Son Tra is called Monkey Mountain by Americans). On top of Ban Co (at an altitude of 625 m), visitors can enjoy the cool, fresh air of the sea and mountains, and have a panoramic view of Da Nang city center, Marble Mountains, and Ba Na range. - Nui Chua... This romantic forest and sea is only about 5km from Da Nang city center thanks to Thuan Phuoc bridge spanning the Han River, connecting Hai Chau district with Son Tra peninsula. Son Tra mountains and forests are waiting for tourists to explore and immerse themselves in the majestic yet romantic, liberal yet beautiful landscape of a charming mountainous peninsula.


Ong Fish Festival

Time: Two days in the middle of the third lunar month. Object of worship: Ca Ong Characteristics: For many generations, the Ca Ong festival (also known as the Whale sacrifice ceremony) is the biggest festival of fishermen in Quang Nam - Da Nang province.




Ho chi minh museum

Location: No. 01 Duy Tan Street, Da Nang City.

Opening hours: Open on weekdays: Morning: 7:30 to 11:00 Afternoon: 1:30 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Ho Chi Minh Museum includes 2 parts: Ho Chi Minh stilt house model area 1975, Region The South is completely liberated. On September 12, 1976, according to the wishes and feelings of the people, officers and soldiers of Zone 5 towards beloved Uncle Ho, a stilt house model was built in accordance with the exact 1/1 ratio (like a stilt house). Ho Chi Minh in Hanoi) in the center of Da Nang city. Outside are gardens, fish ponds... creating a cool, beautiful campus, attracting many tourists when visiting the city. Ho Chi Minh Museum has 4 galleries, introducing the life and revolutionary career of national liberation hero and world cultural celebrity Ho Chi Minh. In particular, the Museum displays many rare artifacts that demonstrate the steadfast and loyal heart of compatriots, officers and soldiers of Zone 5 towards Uncle Ho and Uncle Ho's deep affection for his compatriots and soldiers. Ward 5 officer.


Ninh Kieu Wharf

Location: Located between the confluence of Hau River and Can Tho River, in Tan An ward, Ninh Kieu district, Can Tho city. Characteristics: With its charming river beauty, the image of Ninh Kieu wharf has entered poetry and become a symbol of Can Tho city.

Ninh Kieu wharf was originally a river wharf at the beginning of Can Tho market. In 1876, the French army occupied Can Tho, the river wharf was built with bricks and stones along the shore to prevent waves and became the wharf of the six provinces - a very busy place for trade and goods. The river wharf was named by the French as Quai de Commerce (Commercial wharf), while the people called it by the rustic name Hang Duong wharf because there were rows of poplar trees along the river or Le Loi wharf because the road was along the river. named Le Loi street. In 1957, Can Tho Provincial Governor at that time Do Van Chuoc ordered the establishment of a esplanade and ornamental park at Hang Duong wharf. After that, Do Van Chuoc submitted to Ngo Dinh Diem (president of the Republic of Vietnam) a request to name the park and esplanade Ninh Kieu after the historical place Ninh Kieu (now Chuc Son town, Chuong district). America, Hanoi city) - the place marking the victory over the Ming invasion of Bac Binh King Le Loi and the Lam Son insurgent army. Today, Ninh Kieu wharf is invested to become a tourist park with an area of ​​7,000m², attracting a large number of locals and tourists to sightsee, stroll, and enjoy the cool air. Standing at Ninh Kieu wharf, visitors can see Can Tho Bridge - the cable-stayed bridge with the longest main span in Southeast Asia at the time of completion (April 2010). In the park, there is a 7.2m high bronze statue of President Ho Chi Minh, placed on a 3.6m high pedestal, weighing more than 12 tons. Le Loi Street along the river is now Hai Ba Trung Street, which has been planned as a walking city and Can Tho's first night market. Here, every 100m there is a row selling different items such as cuisine, fruit, souvenirs... To fully feel the beauty of the Western river region, visitors to Can Tho should not miss the opportunity to experience Experience cruise service on Ninh Kieu wharf. Every evening, from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m., the boat will take guests to cruise the Hau River, enjoy specialties and unique musical performances of the Southern region.


Truc Lam Phuong Nam Zen Monastery

Location: located in the Lo Vong Cung historical relic area, My Nhon hamlet, My Khanh commune, Phong Dien district, City. Can Tho Characteristics: is one of the largest Zen monasteries in the Southwest region

With the desire to inherit and promote the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect of Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong, General Pham Van Tra - former Minister of National Defense - proposed building Truc Lam Phuong Nam Zen Monastery. Started on July 16, 2013 and inaugurated on May 17, 2014 on an area of ​​38,016 square meters, Truc Lam Phuong Nam Zen Monastery has a traditional Vietnamese architectural style, including main construction items. following the Buddhist model of the Ly - Tran dynasties such as: main hall, ancestral house, bell tower, drum tower. The main gate of the monastery is highlighted by a curved roof shaped like a stylized dragon's head, on both sides are placed the statue of Vi Da Ho Dharma (Mr. Thien) on the left and the statue of Tieu Dien Dai Si (Mr. Evil) on the right. Through the main gate, on the wide brick road leading to the main hall, visitors see two rows of marble statues of Arhats placed parallel. At the foot of each statue are engraved the names of heroes who contributed to protecting and building the country. On the right side of the main courtyard is a soaring bell tower with a curved roof, modeled after the architecture of the bell tower at Keo Pagoda (Thai Binh), inside is placed a giant bell (bronze bell) weighing 1.5 tons. On the left side of the yard is a drum tower with a wooden drum stand that is elaborately carved, sophisticated, and highly artistic. The main hall of the monastery is built with 44 ironwood columns placed on cloud-gray stone canopies, carved with stylized lotus shapes. On each column are engraved parallel sentences that exude solemnity. In the middle of the main hall is a bronze statue of Shakyamuni Buddha, weighing 3.5 tons, sitting on a majestic lotus throne. On the right is the altar of the statue of Bodhisattva Manjushri, Lord God; On the left is the altar of Bodhisattva Samantabhadra and the Holy Sage. In addition, within the Zen monastery grounds, there are also other items such as: Quan Am Palace, Maitreya Palace (Water Ta House), One Pillar Pagoda, lecture hall, guest hall, hall of worship, library, Oriental medicine room, etc. .


Nam Nha Pagoda

Address: 612 Cach Mang Thang Tam Street, An Thoi Ward, Binh Thuy District, City. Can Tho. Characteristics: The pagoda was built by Mr. Nguyen Giac Nguyen in 1895, following the Minh Su sect, so it is also called Minh Su pagoda.




Can Tho garden tour

Location: Can Tho Garden is located on all roads and waterways in the city. Can Tho. Characteristics: Lush green tourist gardens have been attracting more and more domestic and foreign tourists to visit.




Binh Thuy Communal House

Location: Binh Thuy Communal House, former name is Long Tuyen Communal House, located on Binh Thuy Ward, Binh Thuy District, City. Can Tho. Characteristics: Binh Thuy communal house is a valuable architectural work in the western region of the South, a newly discovered land with delicate and vivid carvings, decorative motifs, and wood carvings with many architectural features. ethnic architecture.




Cai Rang floating market

Location: Cai Rang floating market in Cai Rang district, City. Can Tho, 30 minutes from Ninh Kieu wharf by canoe. Characteristics: Cai Rang floating market specializes in buying and selling agricultural products and fruits of the region.

Cai Rang is one of the famous river markets in the Southwest region. The market specializes in buying and selling fruits and agricultural products of the region. Every morning, hundreds of large and small boats park close together. When selling any product, people hang that product (hang beo) on a pole (beo tree) on the bow of the boat. So there is no need to advertise goods like in mainland markets (in fact, it is also impossible to advertise when the sound of waves and engines is continuous, and it is difficult to approach other boats to see what is being sold). Due to the needs of market goers, there are not only fruit and agricultural product boats but also many other services: pho, noodles, coffee, floating bars... Service boats (usually small boats) are available. Very skillful and generous, serving guests enthusiastically and attentively, even when the waves are rough. The uniqueness of the floating market has left many impressions on foreign tourists. They film and take photos continuously, sometimes excitedly shouting "oh", "ah" in a natural and interesting way. Cai Rang market usually opens quite early, usually from dawn and ends around 8 or 9 o'clock. Large gourd boats often specialize in buying fruit to transport to other places, including to Cambodia and China. There are also boats carrying other goods to supply farmers in the countryside: gasoline, oil, fish salt, western medicine, candy, necessities... On the rivers of 12 provinces in the Southwest region, the boat is The main means of transportation for every family, like bicycles and motorbikes for people in cities. Most of the boats are motorized with "shrimp tails", occasionally we encounter boats that climb by hand and even boats that skillfully climb by... their feet. Cai Rang floating market is an attractive destination for all tourists.


Binh Thuy ancient house

Location: Binh Thuy Ancient House is located on Bui Huu Nghia Street, Binh Thuy Ward, Binh Thuy District, City. Can Tho. Characteristics: Ancient house with five compartments and two roofs, French-style architecture, built by the Duong family in 1870.

French-style house architecture with floor 1m higher than yard level; There are four elegant bow-shaped steps, connecting the house with a large yard, high ceilings, decorated with patterns, opening many large and small doors with quite simple iron frames to help the house airy, the facade is decorated with embossed reliefs. ... All the red and black rose tiles that pave the floor and the cast iron fence protecting the campus were ordered and shipped from France. This is a rare ancient house model that remains intact, helping researchers learn about the daily life, culture as well as the development process under different impacts at the transition between two centuries of Mekong Delta residents. To integrate with nature, the house is always attached to the garden (the garden occupies more than 6,000/8,000m² of the entire campus), wide but not deep. Most of the lobby is for receiving guests without being divided into small rooms, there are two back doors leading to the back, a large yard paved with Chinese tiles has enough rockery, ornamental pots, three-door gate, animal breeding area... In the past , people treat termites and keep the house cold in a very unique way, by evenly spreading more than 10cm of granulated salt on the floor, not using cement to build but using glue, the entire balcony truss system with 16 The large pillar is 180cm in diameter - 4m to 6m high, connected not by nails but by tenons; The law of symmetry with yin and yang, left and right, front and back, is given special attention by homeowners. In the middle of the lobby, the most solemn place is used for the altar, the ancestral hall and a pair of embossed tureens, followed by the altar bed, tea cabinet, mahogany canopy, sofa, pair of gazebos over 3m high... All are created by the hands of artisans from North - Central - South in large sizes using precious wood covered with gold lacquer or mother of pearl, carved very delicately according to the theme of river life in the Southwest. Set or: Tam Da - Tu Quy, Plum - Orchid - Chrysanthemum - Truc, Phuc - Loc - Tho, Long - Lan - Quy - Phuong... In particular, the old house also contains within it a precious "warehouse of antiques". The price has been preserved for many generations, such as two sets of tables and chairs made from Yunnan - China, marble table top, blue veins, 1.5m diameter, more than 6cm thick, French-style sofa set of Louis 15th century. Green marble table top, white chandeliers of the 18th century, pair of hanging lamps of the 19th century... The antique hobby of the Duong family in Binh Thuy has become famous in "six provinces". In the 70s, if you only had to spend 2-3 gold bars to buy a high-rise house in the middle of the market street, someone would pay 25 gold bars for a 1.2m high green celadon vase, after deducting dozens of gold bars for someone else. That's because there's gold around the mouth of the vase, affecting the enamel layer! More thrilling is the story of buying ivory in Saigon in the 40s and then Bac Lieu salt king Tran Trinh Trach demanded to transfer it at "any price" but the Duong family refused to sell it and took it to Binh Thuy... let's see. . Over a century of natural storms as well as 30 years of endless wars, strangely but fortunately the house still stands tall in the middle of the "land of spiritual masterpieces" of ancient people of Can Tho: Long Tuyen - Binh Thuy. To this day, the house still touches the hearts of countless visitors: the young can see their ancestors, the old can reminisce about the past, and those who are far away from home can see the echoes of their roots and friends. further understand the nation's history and culture!. That landscape, along with the artist's quality and open-mindedness and hospitality of the "Southern region" as well as the owner's clear understanding of this land, has made the house a familiar cultural tourist destination. receiving hundreds of domestic and foreign visitors each year. The current owner of Binh Thuy ancient house is Mr. Duong Minh Hien, a veteran over 60 years old. Binh Thuy Ancient House is also the place with the most affinity for the "seventh art" because it has appeared in dozens of domestic films and the famous film "Lover" by French director JJ.Annaud was also filmed more than a week here. The ancient beauty of the house made this fastidious director really excited and affirmed that the exterior and interior of the house would add value to the film. Later, director JJ.Annaud confided: the days staying at Binh Thuy ancient house were very beautiful days in his filmmaking life.


Ong pagoda

Location: 32 Hai Ba Trung, Ninh Kieu District, City. Can Tho. Characteristics: The pagoda has unique architecture, typical of Chinese temples.

Ong Pagoda was built by the Chinese community of Guangzhou and Trieu Khanh (Guangdong province, China) who immigrated to Can Tho from 1894 to 1896 on a land area of ​​more than 500m² to serve as a place for religious activities. religion, belief. Therefore, the pagoda is also called Quang Trieu Hoi Quan. The pagoda has a National-shaped architecture, including two main items: the Pre-chamber and the Main Hall. The front hall worships Ma Tien General with his red-blooded horse (on the left) and Phuc Duc Chinh Than (on the right). In the middle of the front hall there is an exquisitely carved screen. On the entrance door is a sign with the title "Quang Trieu Hoi Quan". The main hall of the pagoda consists of 2 compartments, worshiping Quan Thanh De Quan, Dong Vinh Trang Nguyen, Tai Bach Tinh Quan, Thien Hau Thanh Mau and Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara. The area between the Front Palace and the Main Hall is the Thien Tinh yard (Sky Well) - where the incense table, 2 sets of weapons (bowl of weapons), ornamental pots and many lanterns are placed. The entire pagoda roof is covered with yin and yang tiles with edges made of dark green glazed ceramics. The roof of the pagoda is decorated with colorful ceramic statues of two dragons flanking the moon, fish turning into dragons, phoenixes... The temple's bas-reliefs, diaphragms, and tureens are carved with many brightly colored reliefs with rich content. Describe Chinese classics. The roof and both sides of the three-entrance gate of the pagoda are decorated with many ceramic and porcelain images recreating Chinese classics such as "The Eight Immortals Over the Sea", "Romance of the Three Kingdoms"... The pagoda has two main holy days of the year, which are the holy days of the year. Thien Hau Thanh Mau (March 23 of the lunar calendar) and Quan Thanh De Quan's soul day (June 24 of the lunar calendar). During these days, a large number of local people and tourists come to the pagoda to respectfully offer incense and pray for blessings and peace in life. Besides the main holy days, the most typical and anticipated festival at Ong Pagoda is the lantern auction (auction of 6-sided lanterns) held every 10 years right at the main hall with the concept of the owner. Getting a lantern will bring you luck and success. Each side of the lantern is printed with a landscape image accompanied by blessings in Chinese characters such as: "Happy life and prosperity", "Peaceful family", "Wealth and prosperity"... The six corners of the lantern are carved with dragon images. beautiful gold plated. All money from lighting is used for charity activities, helping disadvantaged people in the city. On Tet holidays, many unique cultural activities take place at Ong Pagoda such as lion - monk - dragon dances, folk song competitions, opera singing... Ong Pagoda has been ranked as a level historical - cultural relic. country in 1993.


Southern Women's Museum

Location: 202 Vo Thi Sau, Ward 7, District 3, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: This building was originally the residence of Nguyen Ngoc Loan - Director of the General Police Department of the former Saigon puppet regime. In 1984, it was assigned by the State as the Traditional House for Southern Women. Later, a 4-story building was built and changed to the Southern Women's Museum




City Museum of Fine Arts. Ho Chi Minh

Location: 97A Pho Duc Chinh, District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: The museum has the function of researching, collecting, preserving and displaying documents, artifacts and fine arts works of Vietnam and the world.

City Museum of Fine Arts. Ho Chi Minh City was formerly the residence of Chinese businessman Hua Bon Hoa, one of the richest and most famous people in Saigon in the early 20th century. The building was built on a total area of ​​3,514m² in the style of Art-deco architecture - an architectural style that harmoniously combines two Asian and European art schools. The roof is covered with red yin and yang tiles, the roof border tiles are glazed with green edges. The building's windows have stained glass with patterns imbued with European artistic style. The floor is tiled with diverse designs and patterns, and the stairs are marble... The museum is the first building in Saigon to have an elevator. The elevator cabin is made of wood, decorated and carved like an ancient Chinese palanquin. The overall architecture of the building is highlighted at the main door area (on the 1st floor) with a high covered lobby and large columns supporting the roof, on both sides of the lobby are stairs up and down. The main door has an arched architecture, on the arch there is a stylized iron pattern with the letter H.B.H - the abbreviation of Mr. Hua Bon Hoa's name. On the pillar of the back gate of the museum is a stele engraved with the names of the owners of the house, all members of Mr. Hua Bon Hoa's family. In 1987, the building was approved by the City People's Committee. Ho Chi Minh City renovated into the City Museum of Fine Arts. Ho Chi Minh City and officially opened to serve tourists in 1989. Among the paintings displayed at the museum, there is a large lacquer painting by famous artist Nguyen Gia Tri. This is considered a national treasure. The museum is 4 floors high (including 1 basement and 3 floors) with 2 horizontal rows of houses and 2 vertical rows of houses arranged in a closed position, creating a skylight in the middle. In particular, the basement is the workplace of the office block and the painting gallery. The first floor is for display, exhibition, painting business and art organizations. The second floor is used to display contemporary sculptures and fine arts. The 3rd floor displays collections of ancient art, modern art and traditional handicrafts. In 2011, the museum opened a display area for oil paintings located right next to the main house. The museum is open daily from 9:00 am - 4:45 pm.


War Remnants Museum

Location: 28 Vo Van Tan, District 3, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: It is one of the highly attractive cultural and tourist destinations, attracting the attention of the public at home and abroad.




Ngoc Son Temple

Location: Located on Ngoc Son island in Hoan Kiem lake, Hanoi city. Characteristics: Although Ngoc Son Temple is a new architectural temple, it is a typical example of space and architectural artifacts.

Ngoc Son Island was formerly known as Tuong Nhi (elephant ear). King Ly Thai To moved the capital to Thang Long and named the island Ngoc Tuong. During the Tran dynasty, the island was renamed Ngoc Son. There was a temple built here to worship the heroic martyrs who died in the resistance war against the Mongol army. A long time later, the temple collapsed. During the Vinh Huu period of the Le Dynasty (1735 - 1739), Lord Trinh Giang built Thuy Khanh palace and built two earthen mountains on the eastern bank opposite Ngoc Son called Dao Tai and Ngoc Boi mountains. At the end of the Le dynasty, Thuy Khanh palace was destroyed by Le Chieu Thong. A philanthropist named Tin Trai founded a pagoda called Ngoc Son pagoda on the old Thuy Khanh palace. In the third year of Thieu Tri (1843), a charity association removed the bell tower, rebuilt the main hall, the rows of rooms on both sides, put the statue of Van Xuong De Quan to worship and changed the name to Ngoc Son temple (Van Xuong is character of the Kien Vu dynasty, 25 - 55 AD in China, after his death was named the god of literature and examination). According to the book "Ha Thanh ancient relics", since the Le dynasty, on Ngoc Son island there was a temple to worship Quan Cong, a famous loyal man of the Three Kingdoms period (China). When King Le and Lord Trinh used the lake as a place to review the navy, the temple was considered a martial temple. The people of Hanoi brought a statue of Saint Tran to worship next to Quan Cong. But "Kham Dinh Viet Su Thong Giam Cuong Muc" believes that it is a statue of Le Lai, the founding god of the Le dynasty who sacrificed his life to save the lord. In the eighteenth year of Tu Duc (1865), scholar Nguyen Van Sieu repaired the temple. The newly repaired temple was filled with more soil and stone embankment was built around it, Tran Ba ​​communal house was built, and a bridge was built from the east bank called The Huc bridge. On the old Ngoc Boi mountain, he built a stone tower, the top of the tower shaped like a brush tip, the body of the tower was engraved with three words "Ta Thanh Thien" (written on the blue sky), today it is often called the Pen tower. Next is a rolling door called the Nghien platform, on top of which is placed a stone inkstone in the shape of half a peach split in half lengthwise, with the image of three frogs on top. On the stone tablet is engraved an explanation about the uses of the inkstone from a philosophical perspective. Later generations praised it as: Nhat Dai Phuong Dinh pen. From the outside gate, there are two walls on both sides, one side is a dragon board, the other side is a tiger board, symbolizing two noble boards naming those who pass the exam, making the students passing by work harder to study. . The name The Huc bridge means retaining the beautiful light of the sun. The Huc Bridge leads to the gate of Ngoc Son temple. The main temple consists of two interconnected temples, the first temple to the north worships Tran Hung Dao and Van Xuong. The standing statue of Van Xuong, holding a pen in his hand, is placed in the harem on a stone pedestal about 1 meter high, with two stone stairs on both sides. In the south, there is Tran Ba ​​communal house (river blocking communal house - implying a pillar standing firmly amid the unhealthy wave in contemporary culture). The square communal house has eight roofs, the two-story roof has 8 supporting columns, four outer columns are made of stone, four inner columns are made of wood. The figures worshiped in the temple include Van Xuong De Quan, Lu Dong Tan, Quan Van Truong, Tran Hung Dao, and Amitabha Buddha. This demonstrates the Vietnamese concept of the three religions being of the same origin. The combination of Ngoc Son Temple and Hoan Kiem Lake has created an overall unified Thien - Nhan architecture, creating an ancient, harmonious, and symmetrical beauty for the temple and the lake, evoking feelings of harmony between people. people and nature. Temples and lakes have become evidences that recall ancient memories of the nation's history, awakening legitimate pride and patriotism as well as the spirituality and consciousness of each Vietnamese person facing the longevity of the nation.


Dong Khanh Tomb

Location: Dong Khanh Mausoleum was built on the land of Cu Si village, now Thuong Hai village, Thuy Xuan commune, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Dong Khanh Mausoleum was built during 4 kings (1888 - 1923), so it has both ancient architecture and is influenced by Western European architecture.




Cantonese Assembly Hall

Location: No. 17 Tran Phu Street, Hoi An City. Characteristics: The Assembly Hall was built in 1885 by Guangdong overseas Chinese, initially to worship Thien Hau Thanh Mau and Confucius, after 1911 it was converted to worship Quan Cong and Tien Hien.

The art of harmoniously using wood and stone materials in load-bearing structures and decorative motifs has given the clubhouse its unique, majestic beauty. Currently, the Assembly Hall still preserves many ancient artifacts such as: 4 large horizontal panels, 1 large bronze incense burner 1.6m high and 0.6m wide, 1 pair of Chinese celadon porcelain pedestals... Every year, on On Nguyen Tieu (January 15 of the lunar calendar) and Quan Cong (June 24 of the lunar calendar), the Assembly Hall holds a very lavish festival, attracting many participants.


Sam Son Beach

Location: Sam Son Beach belongs to Sam Son town, Thanh Hoa province, 16km from Thanh Hoa city. Characteristics: Long, flat coastline, majestic scenery, has been exploited by the French since 1906.

Sam Son beach is a very good swimming place that the French have exploited since 1906 and Sam Son quickly became a famous resort in Indochina. Since previous decades, many resort villas have sprung up here. King Bao Dai, the last king of the Nguyen Dynasty, also built his own villa in Sam Son. Sam Son has many beautiful landscapes: Trong Mai island, Doc Cuoc temple, Co Tien mountain... Sam Son's 10km long, flat coastline and many precious seafood such as prawns, mackerel, squid... Sam Son has beautiful scenery. Majestic nature, vast sea with monuments and legends imbued with humanity and hospitality. Sam Son Beach is one of the wide and beautiful beaches in the north.


Quan Su Pagoda

Location: No. 73 Quan Su Street, Tran Hung Dao Ward, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi. Characteristics: It is the headquarters of the Central Vietnam Buddhist Association.

Quan Su Pagoda was built in the 15th century and is located in An Tap village, Co Vu ward, Tien Nghiem canton (later changed to Vinh Xuong canton), Tho Xuong district; Today it is Quan Su Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi Capital. In the past, there was no pagoda in this ward, only a few thatched houses in the south, which the villagers used as a place to sacrifice to the gods to pray for peace, called An Tap hamlet. According to the book Hoang Le Nhat Thong Chi, during the reign of King Le The Tong, the countries of Champa and Ai Lao often sent envoys to pay tribute to our country. The king built a building called Quan Su to welcome envoys to Thang Long. Because the envoys of these countries were all devout Buddhists, they built a temple also located in Quan Su's grounds so that they could have conditions to perform ceremonies. Time has erased traces of Quan Su's house, but the pagoda still exists. In 1934, the Tonkin Buddhist Association was established and Quan Su Pagoda was chosen as its headquarters. In 1942, the pagoda was rebuilt according to the design of two architects Nguyen Ngoc Ngoan and Nguyen Xuan Tung approved by Vinh Nghiem Patriarch himself. The art of architecture and decoration combines all the quintessence of the great masters of the North. Quan Su Pagoda is probably one of the very few pagodas in our country where the pagoda's name as well as many parallel sentences are written in the national language. Is it because the pagoda was rebuilt in the mid-20th century and because the pagoda has become the central headquarters of the North Vietnamese Buddhist Association, now of the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha, the common national temple of Buddhist monks? female believers in Vietnam. The three-story pagoda has a three-storey roof, in the middle is the bell tower. Go through a small brick yard, walk up 11 steps to reach the main hall, square in shape, surrounded by a corridor. The Buddha hall is solemnly decorated, the statues are quite large and splendidly gilded. In the innermost part, three Buddhas of the Three Worlds are worshiped on the highest step. The next step worships the Amitabha Buddha statue in the middle, on both sides there are statues of Avalokiteshvara and Mahasthamaprapta. The step below, in the middle, worships Shakyamuni Buddha, on both sides are Ananda and Kasyapa. The lowest level, at the outermost level, is the Cuu Long court standing between the statues of Guan Yin and Ksitigarbha. The room on the right of the main hall worships Ly Quoc Su (also known as Zen Master Minh Khong) with two attendants, the room on the left worships the statue of Duc Ong and the statues of Chau Suong and Quan Binh. The main houses and annexes of Quan Su Pagoda are spacious. This place used to be the headquarters of Duoc Tue newspaper. Currently, the pagoda has a lecture hall, a library, and is home to the office of the Vietnam Buddhist Research Institute and the office of the Asian Buddhist Organization for Peace (in Vietnam).


Da Nhim Lake - Ngoan Muc Pass

Location: Da Nhim Lake - Ngoan Muc Pass is located on the road from Phan Rang to Da Lat, in Don Duong district, 40km east of Da Lat city. Characteristics: Da Nhim Lake - Ngoan Muc Pass is a beautiful natural picture with a winding and winding road...

Looking down from Ngoan Muc Pass, you can see the steep, deep cliff, peeking through the passages, is a zigzag road. Two high mountain ranges hug the Phan Rang valley running to the sea. On clear days, you can see the white sandy beach and undulating waves. That's why people call this road Ngoan Muc Pass. Perhaps coming here, visitors will feel small in front of the majestic natural scenery and will be aware of human ability to conquer nature. This place also has Da Nhim hydroelectric plant with 2 water pipelines that look like 2 streaks of white paint in the blue background of the mountains and forests that people going to Da Lat, from Phan Rang to Ngoan Muc pass, always try to admire. . In the afternoon on Phan Rang's side, the forest glows purple like grapes on an uncut vine. The afternoon is chilly but the sky is clear blue. When the wind stops blowing at Da Nhim Lake, it is quiet, without a ripple, the water is deep blue. The straight dam separating the Don Duong plateau connecting two mountain slopes is 1,460m long, 38m high, 180m wide at the bottom, 6m at the top, storing water from the Da Nhim and Kronglet rivers to merge. Da Nhim Lake has an area of ​​9.7km², at an altitude of approximately 1,042m. Water from the lake follows two 5km long concrete tunnels through the mountain to the top of the mountain, then rushes into two steel pipes with a diameter of 2m (the lower it goes, the smaller it becomes 1m), operating four turbines to produce an additional 7,880kW of electricity, enough for domestic use. the whole Ninh Thuan province. The weather in Da Nhim is a mixture of temperate and tropical, with sun and rain alternating like the temperament of a girl who has just fallen in love. At the foot of Ngoan Muc Pass, the rain poured down and mist spread, at that time two silver dragons blurred... But don't be disappointed, stand patiently under the oval canopy and wait a bit. The rain stopped, the clouds cleared, the pair of silver dragons meandered again, revealing each part, shining in the green of the mountains and forests.


Cua Tung Beach

Location: Cua Tung Beach, Vinh Linh district, Quang Tri province. Characteristics: Cua Tung attracts tourists with beautiful beaches, white, smooth sand and historical landmarks such as the 17th Parallel, Hien Luong Bridge, Ben Hai River, Truong Son Martyrs Cemetery... nearby .




My An mineral spring

Location: My An is in Phu Duong commune, Phu Vang district, 7 km east of Hue city on the way from Hue to Thuan An beach. Characteristics: My An mineral water can be compared with many famous mineral waters in the world such as Koundour (former Soviet Union) and Paven Banis (Bulgaria).




Mac Cuu mausoleum relic area

Location: Located on Mac Cuu street at the foot of Binh San mountain, in Binh San ward, Ha Tien town, Kien Giang province, about 92km northwest of Rach Gia city. Characteristics: Mac Cuu mausoleum relic site worships the Mac family, starting with Mr. Mac Cuu, who publicly destroyed the land of Ha Tien.

Mac Cuu is from Guangdong, China. Because he refused to grow his hair and follow some Qing Dynasty customs, he left the country to do business in some Southeast Asian countries. In 1680, when he arrived in Ha Tien, he stopped here to build and develop this land. In August 1708, realizing the very strong position of the Nguyen dynasty in the war to expand the southern territory, Mac Cuu offered the land of Ha Tien to the Nguyen dynasty and was approved by Nguyen Lord Phuc Chu and appointed "Doge of the South". Ha Tien". Although he offered Ha Tien to the Nguyen dynasty, Lord Nguyen Phuc Chu still gave Mac Cuu autonomy in this land, maintaining the hereditary tradition as a minor king and 7 generations of the Mac family have put all their efforts into this land. to turn Ha Tien into a trading hub of the ancient Dai Viet country with other countries in the region. The relic area includes a temple for the Mac family and a mausoleum. The temple is located at the foot of Binh San mountain, built by the Nguyen dynasty to commemorate the Mac family's gratitude for exploring the land of Ha Tien. In front of the temple are two large ponds filled with lotus flowers that Mac Cuu previously had dug to get fresh water for the people in the area to use during the dry season. On both sides of the temple gate are two parallel sentences in Han Nom script given by the Nguyen Dynasty: Roughly translated: Inside the gate is a large yard with many rustling green trees all year round, creating a quiet temple space at all times. and quiet. Located on the right side of the temple is the old house worshiping those who came to Ha Tien before Mr. Mac Cuu, on the left is the later house worshiping those who came after him. Inside the main hall, the altar in the middle worships the throne of Mr. Mac Cuu and his descendants because the Mac family is considered the kings of Ha Tien. On the right is the altar of civil and martial mandarins under the Mac family, on the left is the altar of the family's wives. Following a stairway up Binh San Mountain, visitors will reach the mausoleum with more than 60 ancient tombs divided into 4 separate areas: area 1 is the mausoleum of the Mac family's emirs, area 2 is the mausoleum. ladies, area 3 is the tomb of mandarins and area 4 is the tomb of other members of the Mac family. Mr. Mac Cuu's tomb is located at the highest position in area 1, has a semicircle shape and is carved deep into the mountain. The tomb was built according to feng shui, with its back leaning against the mountain, facing the sea, and on both sides of the tomb were two stone generals standing guard. When building a mausoleum for his father, Mac Cuu's eldest son, Mac Thien Tich, brought stones from Malaysia to pave. Located on the top of Binh San mountain is the Xa Tac altar, the place to worship the heaven and earth of Ha Tien past and present. The base of the Xac Tac altar has a large red bagua shape, the middle is black, the center is gold, and on top is placed a large bronze incense burner. On the 15th day of the first lunar month every year, worship altars will be set up, but each year the worship time is different. Binh San Mountain was recognized as a national landscape by the Ministry of Culture and Information on January 21, 1989. And to recognize Mr. Mac Cuu's contributions in exploring Ha Tien as well as celebrate the 300th anniversary of this land's establishment, the People's Committee of Kien Giang province held an inauguration ceremony of the 10m high monument to Mac Cuu on September 7. September 2008 at the square next to To Chau bridge - Ha Tien town.


Truong Tien Bridge

Location: Truong Tien Bridge spans the Perfume River, the northern end belongs to Phu Hoa ward, the southern end belongs to Phu Hoi ward, Hue city, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Truong Tien Bridge is one of the first bridges built in Indochina according to Western design and construction techniques.

Under the reign of King Le Thanh Tong (1460 - 1497), the Perfume River had a bridge made of tightly packed rattan called May Bridge. Later, the bridge was rebuilt from wood, with ironwood planks on the bridge surface. In 1897, the bridge was rebuilt with iron and steel by the Central Ambassador Lavécque according to the design of famous French architect Gustave Eiffel, who designed many architectural works in the world such as the Eiffel Tower and the Statue of Goddess Freedom... By 1899, the bridge was completed and named Thanh Thai (name of the current Nguyen Dynasty king). The total length of the bridge at that time was 401.1m, 6.2m wide, including 6 semi-circular steel beams. In 1904, a historic storm severely damaged the bridge, knocking four beams into the river. In 1906, the bridge was repaired, the bridge surface was cast with reinforced concrete. In 1907, when King Thanh Thai (1889 - 1907) was exiled to Réunion Island by the French colonialists, the French colonial government changed the bridge's name to Clémenceau (the name of the French prime minister during World War I). In 1937, under the reign of King Bao Dai (1926 - 1945), the bridge was expanded on both sides for bicycles and pedestrians and had bulging balconies in the middle of the two bridge spans to rest and escape. road. During the war against the French and the Americans, the bridge was destroyed and repaired many times. After the liberation of the South and reunification of the country (April 30, 1975), the bridge was renamed Trang Tien. It was not until 1991 that Trang Tien Bridge was restored again, the balconies on both sides of the corridor were removed, the bridge narrowed to 5.4m to add railings. In 2004, the bridge was once again renamed Truong Tien. Experiencing many ups and downs during many centuries of existence, especially over the past 100 years, Truong Tien Bridge has become a part of the history of the ancient capital. Although there are many other bridges spanning the Perfume River such as Bach Ho, Phu Xuan, Bai Dau... Truong Tien is still the most typical bridge and is considered a symbol of the dreamy land of Hue. Since Hue Festival 2002, Truong Tien Bridge has been installed with a modern color-changing lighting system so that every afternoon, the bridge appears brilliantly and magically in colored lights.


Bach Ma National Park

Location: Phu Loc and Nam Dong districts, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Bach Ma National Park has beautiful natural landscapes, fresh and cool climate with rich and diverse flora and fauna.

From City. Hue, follow National Highway 1A about 40km south to Cau Hai town (Phu Loc district), then turn right about 19km, visitors will arrive at Bach Ma National Park. Located at the last part of the Truong Son Bac range stretching from the Vietnam - Laos border to the East Sea, at an altitude of 1,450m above sea level, the Bach Ma mountain area has a fresh, cool climate and is popular with tourists. Foreign experts evaluate it as one of the mountainous regions with the most pleasant climate in Indochina. Of the 22,031 hectares of natural area, Bach Ma National Park has up to 16,900 hectares of primary forest cover. In the forest there are 1,406 species of plants, including many types of precious wood such as: tri chi, kien, rag incense, tap, pine... (many trees are 80 - 100cm in diameter) and over 300 species of precious medicinal plants such as: three antlers, lime jars, leaves, plants with 7 leaves and 1 flower... The fauna in Bach Ma has up to 931 species, including 83 species of mammals, including many rare species such as bears, leopards, tigers, saola ...; 333 species of birds, 31 species of reptiles, 21 species of frogs, 39 species of fish, 218 species of butterflies, 178 species of leaf-eating beetles, 28 species of termites. In particular, Bach Ma is home to precious birds such as pheasants and white-crested pheasants. Coming to Bach Ma National Park, visitors will have the opportunity to explore interesting natural trails, such as the Tri Sao trail leading to Tri Sao waterfall - where many pheasants live; Do Quyen trail leads to Do Quyen waterfall, throwing white foam into the streams all year round; Five Lakes trail leads to 5 consecutive lakes formed from a large stream; Vong Hai Dai trail leads to the viewing platform on Bach Ma peak. Standing from here, visitors can enjoy a panoramic view of Hai Van pass, Tuy Van mountain, Cau Hai lagoon, Tu Hien gate, Chan May lagoon close to the East coast and the magical, serene space of Hue city and the city. Da Nang at night. In addition, visitors can explore the 300m long trail through the black bamboo forest, where there are many ancient trees, many of which are over 1m in diameter and over 30m high. Not only that, Bach Ma National Park also has an orchid collection garden - a gathering place of hundreds of species of orchids with many unique colors and designs. Previously, in 1932, the French built a large resort in Bach Ma located at an altitude of 1,000 - 1,444m above sea level. The resort has 139 villas, a market, a bank, a post office, a swimming pool, tennis courts and a 19km road system connecting National Highway 1A with Bach Ma downtown. Currently, the ancient villa area has been restored and embellished by the Management Board of Bach Ma National Park into a resort for tourists, named Do Quyen, Sao La, Kim Giao... These villas still remain. preserving French-style architecture, usually only 2 floors high, with circular staircases and quite wide corridors, large windows facing the mountain top creating an airy space, both ancient and modern. The best time for tourists to enjoy Bach Ma is in the summer and early autumn because at this time, the cool, even slightly chilly air of Bach Ma will make your journey of discovery and conquest more enjoyable. Guests become more poetic. Here, landscapes and monuments blend together to create an extremely attractive charm.


Tomb of Duc Duc

Location: Duc Duc Mausoleum is located in An Cuu Ward, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: The mausoleum has simple and modest architecture. This is also the resting place of King Thanh Thai and Duy Tan.

Compared to other tombs of the Nguyen kings, Duc Duc mausoleum has a simpler and more modest architecture. The rectangular tomb area has an area of ​​3,445m², without a Bi Dinh or stone statues inside. To enter the mausoleum, you have to go through a large three-door gate built of bricks with a false roof on top. Behind the door is Bai Dinh, which has no stone statues but only a railing made of lime and bricks. Next is a 3-storey three-entrance gate also built with a fake roof and decorated with images of flowers and leaves by embossed porcelain... In the middle of Buu Thanh is a snail-shaped house built on a square foundation with each side about 8m long, with a roof. Roofed with lapis lazuli tiles, inside there are tables and clear stone traps used to display incense burners and offerings when worshiping taboos. On the left and right sides are the tombs of King Duc Duc and Queen Tu Minh lying symmetrically. The screen in front of the king's tomb has two embossed words "joy" put together, symmetrical with "two joys" which is the image of the word "tho". Long An Palace: in the center of the impregnation area, built according to the model of the temples in Hue. Inside there are three altars to worship the kings' tablets: Duc Duc (and his wife in the middle), Thanh Thai (left) and Duy Tan (right). Behind Long An Palace is the resting place of kings Thanh Thai and Duy Tan. In this area there are also many tombs of relatives of the above kings. Duc Duc Tomb also has the general architectural standards of other mausoleums but has some unique artistic features. Duc Duc Tomb enriches the nuance and quality of the mausoleum's architectural complex. King Duc Duc's real name is Nguyen Phuc Ung Chan, born in 1852. When he was 2 years old, King Tu Duc chose him as his adopted son. After King Tu Duc died, according to his hereditary decree, the court brought Ung Chan to the throne on July 19, 1883 and called him Duc Duc after his residence. But Duc Duc was deposed only 3 days later for daring to omit a paragraph in the emperor's will to inherit the throne and was imprisoned. On October 24, 1883, the unfortunate king starved to death in prison. His body was wrapped in a mat and given to a few soldiers to carry and bury. In the middle of the road, the rope broke and the body fell in the middle of the road. chose that "heavenly burial" land as the King's eternal resting place and had a quick burial. King Thanh Thai was the son of Duc Duc, whose real name was Buu Lan. He was appointed king in 1889 and took the reign name Thanh Thai. In early 1890, Thanh Thai built his father's tomb right at that heavenly grave and named it An Lang. In the 11th year of Thanh Thai (1899), the king built Long An Palace on the right side of the mausoleum as a place to worship his father. In 1907, King Thanh Thai was dethroned because of his anti-French sentiments and was exiled to another country. In 1953, King Thanh Thai returned to the country and lived in Saigon. In 1954, he died and his body was brought back by the royal family to be buried in the grounds of Duc Duc mausoleum. King Duy Tan is the son of King Thanh Thai who was crowned in 1907. In 1916, King Duy Tan was arrested again for participating in the uprising against the French led by Thai Phien and organized by Tran Cao Van. Duy Tan was also exiled to a different country like his father. In 1987, King Duy Tan's remains were reburied from Central Africa and buried next to King Thanh Thai's grave.


Gia Long Tomb (Thien Tho Lang)

Location: Gia Long Tomb is located in the Thien Tho mountain range, in Huong Tho commune, Huong Tra town, Thua Thien - Hue province, far from the city center. Hue 16km. Characteristics: Gia Long Tomb is a complex of many royal tombs. The mausoleum's architecture seems simple but majestic.

To visit Gia Long mausoleum, visitors can take a boat along the Perfume River for about 18km and then land at the mausoleum wharf, or follow the road for about 16km, get to Kim Ngoc ferry wharf, go a few more kilometers to get there. This entire mausoleum area is a mountain complex with 42 hills, large and small mountains, of which Dai Thien Tho is the largest mountain chosen as the forecourt of the mausoleum and is the name of this entire mountain complex. Construction of the mausoleum began in 1814 and was completed in 1820. From the bank of the Perfume River to the mausoleum, there is a wide path, with tall, green pine trees and winter melon trees on both sides, creating a cool, quiet atmosphere. Two majestic pillars are located on the outside, signaling the mausoleum area. The king's mausoleum is located on a large, flat hill. Before, there is Dai Thien Tho mountain as a backdrop, then there are 7 mountains as a backdrop. On the left there are 14 mountains as "left dragon" and on the right there are 14 mountains as "right white tiger". The overall mausoleum is divided into 3 areas: In the middle is the tomb of the king and Queen Thua Thien Cao. Beyond the adoration yard, there are rows of majestic stone statues and seven levels of the altar, the Sacred Treasure at the top of the hill. In Buu Thanh, there are 2 stone tombs created according to the concept of "The Virtuous Universe" symbolizing happiness and fidelity. On the right is the palace area, of which Minh Thanh Palace is the center where the first Emperor and Empress are worshiped. Previously, in Minh Thanh Palace, there were many memorabilia associated with Gia Long's war life. To the left of the mausoleum is Bi Dinh, now there is only a large stele inscribed with the song "Holy Duc Than Cong" composed by King Minh Mang, praising his father, delicately and sharply carved. There are also neighboring mausoleums in this area such as Quang Hung mausoleum (second wife of Lord Hien Vuong Nguyen Phuc Tan), Vinh Mau mausoleum (wife of Lord Ngai Vuong Nguyen Phuc Tran); Toai Thanh mausoleum (second wife of Nguyen Phuc Luan and Gia Long's mother),... Thien Tho Huu mausoleum of Queen Thuan Thien Cao, mother of King Minh Mang, next to it is Gia Thanh palace used for worship. Gia Long Tomb is a wonderful picture between nature and architecture that creates the majestic grandeur of the landscape. Nguyen Phuc Anh, whose last name is Chung, was born in the year Nham (1762), the third child of Nguyen Luan. In 1773, the Tay Son revolted, 12-year-old Nguyen Phuc Anh followed Lord Nguyen Phuc Thuan to Quang Nam. In the fall of the year of the Rooster (1777), Nguyen Phuc Thuan died in battle, Nguyen Phuc Anh escaped alone to Tho Chu island, and then fled to Siam for refuge. In July 1792, King Quang Trung died, his son Quang Toan was still young, Nguyen Anh organized an attack and in July 1802, Nguyen Anh defeated the Tay Son dynasty and ascended the throne, with the reign name Gia Long as the capital. at Phu Xuan citadel (Hue) and named the country Vietnam. The first time Gia Long managed a unified Vietnam from North to South, from Lang Son to Ha Tien, Gia Long divided the whole country into 23 towns and 4 enterprises. From Ninh Binh outward, it is called Bac Thanh, consisting of 11 towns (5 inner towns and 6 outer towns); From Binh Thuan onward, it is called Gia Dinh, including 5 towns; In the middle are independent towns: Thanh Hoa, Nghe An, Quang Nghia, Binh Dinh, Phu Yen, Binh Hoa, Binh Thuan, the capital has 4 camps: Truc Le Quang Duc Doanh (ie Thua Thien), Quang Tri Joint, Quang Binh Joint, Quang Nam Joint. To avoid abuse of power, Gia Long did not appoint Prime Minister, the court only had 6 ministries: Lai, Ho, Le, Binh, Hinh, and Cong headed by ministers and had advisors on the left and right, and assistants on the left and right. . In the palace, there is no Queen, only Hoang Phi and her concubines. In 1815, the "National Court Penal Code" consisting of 22 volumes with 398 laws was promulgated. On Dinh Mui day, December of Ky Mao year (1819), Gia Long died at the age of 59, on the throne for 25 years, on the throne for 17 years.


Ngu Binh Mountain

Location: Ngu Binh Mountain, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province, about 3km from Hue citadel. Characteristics: Ngu Binh has a trapezoidal shape, flat top, with a screen to protect Hue citadel.

The book "Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi" by Quoc Su Quan of the Nguyen Dynasty wrote "Northeast of Huong Thuy, rising up on the flat land" like a screen as the first layer in front of Hue citadel, customarily called Bang Mountain. , Gia Long dynasty gave the current name (Ngù Binh), the mountain top is flat, pine trees are planted everywhere." Ngu Binh mountain is 105m high, balanced and majestic. On both sides of Bang Son there are two small mountains flanking it called "Ngu Binh". Left Bat Son and Right Bat Son. The Nguyen Dynasty was established, decided to build the capital Hue, seeing Bang Son as a screen in front of him, Gia Long accepted the project of the geographers: choose the mountain This made the record of the defense system massive and solid and changed the name of this mountain to Ngu Binh. Along with the Perfume River, Ngu Binh Mountain is the second priceless gift of nature, intertwined to create the beauty of nature. Hue's charming mountains and water. For a long time, this beautiful mountain along with the clear blue Perfume River has become a symbol of Hue's nature. People often call Hue the land of the Perfume River, Ngu Mountain, and Huong Ngu region because So. For generations, generations of people have considered this a place to enjoy wonderful nature. On beautiful days, standing on Ngu Binh peak, you can take in a panoramic view of the city with magnificent palaces, ancient pagoda roofs and the winding blue Perfume River. Right in front of the eyes are hills, immense pine forests leading to a vast plain of districts: Huong Thuy, Phu Vang, Huong Tra with green trees and grass... further away is the endless Truong Son range. Dark purple is hidden behind silver clouds. Looking to the east, the translucent white sand strip in the distance of Thuan An gate with the deep blue of the East Sea... A few kilometers from Ngu Binh mountain is Vong Canh hill, another scenic spot of Hue, standing gracefully reflecting on the side. Perfume River, overlooking Ngoc Tran Mountain. From Vong Canh hill, one can see lush green fruit gardens of areca, longan, orange, tangerine, ash tea,... mixed with pine trees, gray tiled roofs of temples, pagodas, ancient mausoleums, quiet.... The Perfume River is like a soft silk strip winding around the foot of the hill... Tourists have the opportunity to come here at dawn or at sunset to fully understand and absorb the poetic beauty, so painting of a hill, a river, a corner of Hue's sky.


Huyen Tran Cultural Center

Location: located at the foot of Ngu Phong mountain in Ngu Tay village, Thuy An commune (now An Tay ward), Hue city. Characteristics: It is a cluster of architectural complexes imbued with cultural, spiritual and historical colors.

Located about 7km west of Hue city, Huyen Tran Cultural Center is located on an area of ​​more than 28 hectares. This place is not only a cultural and spiritual tourist destination, but also a historical tourist destination, taking visitors back to the important historical event in protecting and expanding the country's territory during the Tran Dynasty. , 14th century. The story is told, Champa King Jaya Simhavarman III (Che Man) in order to marry Princess Huyen Tran, brought the continents O and Ly to King Tran as a bride price. Obeying the orders of her father, Tran Nhan Tong, and her brother, Tran Anh Tong, Huyen Tran put aside her personal feelings, put aside her tears and got on the boat to follow her husband, establishing a filial relationship and expanding the country's borders to the South. The land of Thuan Hoa - Phu Xuan - Thua Thien Hue was also born from there, now more than 700 years ago. To remember the Princess's merits, the Nguyen Dynasty (1802 - 1945) established the Dai De Vuong temple in Lich Doi village, Duc ward, Hue city, worshiping the founding fathers, including Princess Huyen Tran. . This temple no longer exists today. On the occasion of the 700th anniversary of Thuan Hoa - Phu Xuan, in early 2006, Huyen Tran Cultural Center was started construction to commemorate the princess's contributions to expanding the Vietnamese territory. Huyen Tran Cultural Center is a cluster of traditional architectural complexes, surrounded by rolling hills and mountains, charming scenery, and a solemn and secluded space. Leading from the outside are four large pillars, at the foot of which there is a stone altar, followed by three very large courtyards paved with Bat Trang tiles, with a lake and a bridge across it similar to the Trung Dao bridge over Thai Dich lake before. Thai Hoa Palace of Hue Citadel; Next is the three gates, the innermost is the temple of Princess Huyen Tran. Everything lies on a straight axis. Inside the temple is a statue of Princess Huyen Tran sitting on a throne cast in bronze. The statue is 2.37m high, crafted by famous bronze casting artists of Duc Ward, Hue City. The back hall is dedicated to Doan Nhu Hai, who is said to have composed a decree to help exonerate King Tran Anh Tong from the wrath of Emperor Nhan Tong; He was also the first Vietnamese mandarin who followed the king's orders to guard and calm the people of the two continents of O and Ly when these two continents returned to Dai Viet... Within the premises of Huyen Tran Cultural Center, there are also many architectural works. Another special highlight is the 7m high Peace Bell Tower built on Ngu Phong peak with a bronze bell weighing 1.6 tons and 2.16m high, also made by artisans from Duc ward. The ringing sound of the bell spreads in the quiet space, bringing people moments of relaxation and peace. On the way to the Peace Bell Tower, we also see a giant Maitreya Buddha statue with a permanent smile on its lips. The bowl of incense in front of the statue is always filled with incense from visitors from all over who respectfully offer it with wishes for all the best things... Besides, to commemorate the founder of the Truc Lam Zen sect - King Tran Nhan Tong, Huyen Tran Cultural Center is gradually being completely built to become a Spiritual Cultural Tourism Area, a national Zen tourism destination. At the end of October 2008, the statue of Tran Nhan Tong was created in Duc Hue ward. The statue is made of pure red bronze, 3 meters high, weighing 2 tons, cast according to the version taken from the temple of Tran kings in Nam Dinh. In addition, this place is also investing in research and construction of a number of additional items such as: Meditation hall; Calligrapher; Orchid House, Library to mainly preserve and research documents about King Tran Nhan Tong, Tran Anh Tong, Princess Huyen Tran... and other heroic figures during the Tran Dynasty; about Truc Lam Zen sect through dynasties, Hue culture and Champa architectural and cultural history along with a number of other additional services to serve as a place for artistic creation, health care, yoga... To meet your needs Visitors come to visit, offer incense, worship, and commemorate. Huyen Tran Cultural Center has an organization serving tourist services, souvenir stalls, and some documents related to the Tran dynasty, especially On holidays, traditional vegetarian meals are served at Trung Quang Palace and Trung Hoa Palace in the grounds of King Tran Nhan Tong Temple. On the 9th day of the first lunar month every year, the Huyen Tran Temple Festival will take place at the Center, with the participation of thousands of domestic, local and tourist people to pay tribute to the many ancestors who have contributed to the development of the temple. border.


Duong No village

Location: Duong No village is located in Phu Duong commune, Phu Vang district, Thua Thien - Hue province, far from the city. Hue is about 8km. Characteristics: Duong No is a Vietnamese village that was built quite early. As a child, Ho Chi Minh lived with his father while he was teaching here. A memorial house is still kept here, along with memorabilia associated with his childhood.

A few centuries ago, Duong No was a bustling, wealthy village and a land with a tradition of literature and martial arts. The village communal house was built a long time ago. Dinh Duong No is quite famous for its beautiful and profound architecture, a typical relic of the Vietnamese ancient village model. In 1898, Mr. Nguyen Sinh Huy (Uncle Ho's father) was invited by Mr. Nguyen Viet Tuyen, an employee of the Ministry of Justice, from Duong No village to teach his children who were preparing for the Huong exam. At that time, the boy Nguyen Sinh Cung (Uncle's name at that time) followed his father to Duong No village. Here, he began learning Chinese characters with his father's young students. Mr. Huy's father and son were assigned by Mr. Nguyen Van Do's family to use a five-room house (three rooms and two wings) to live and teach students. Mr. Cung lived with his father in Duong No until 1900 when Mr. Huy had to take the position of proctor at the Huong exam in Thanh Hoa. He returned to his grandmother to live with his mother, Mrs. Hoang Thi Loan, at 112 Mai Thuc Street. Loan, Hue... The house in Duong No is built in the southeast direction, about 30m from the bank of Pho Loi River. This house later caught fire, Mr. Do rebuilt one room and two wings... After the liberation of the South and the reunification of the country, local people maintained and restored it according to the old architecture to make a storage area. The concept represents the nation's love and admiration for Uncle Ho. Today, visitors to Duong No can revisit the house that holds many memories of Uncle Ho's childhood during the years he lived here, visit the ancient, massive communal house, the river, the wharf, Am Ba temple, The village's Seven Family Cultivation Church... were the places where he often visited at that time to have fun with friends.


Phuoc Tich ancient village

Location: located on the banks of O Lau River in Phong Hoa commune, Phong Dien district, Thua Thien - Hue province Characteristics: like a museum of lively Vietnamese village culture preserved intact for hundreds of years.

Phuoc Tich land was formerly Con Duong land, inhabited by ethnic minorities. After the great victory over the Champa army in 1470, under the reign of King Le Thanh Tong (1460 - 1497), Marquis Hoang Minh Hung (from Cam Quyet, Quynh Luu, Nghe An) recruited a number of compatriots to Con Duong. reclaim land and establish hamlets. After that, Con Duong was renamed Phuc Giang village, then Hoang Giang village. During the reign of King Gia Long (1802 - 1820), the village changed its name to Phuoc Tich with the meaning of accumulating merit for its descendants. Marquis Hoang Minh Hung is considered the founder of the village. The village's architectural works from houses, communal houses, temples, shrines, and churches are all solidly built in the typical garden house architecture of the ancient land of Thuan Hoa (the old administrative landmark of the region). land includes Quang Binh, Quang Tri and Thua Thien - Hue). Of the total 117 houses in Phuoc Tich, there are 37 Ruong houses that are over 100 years old, of which 12 Ruong houses are classified as especially rare, ranging from 150 - 200 years old. The Ruong house here has an architecture of 3 compartments and 2 wings, with glossy black wooden columns; The rafters, transoms, trellises, horizontal panels, panels, puzzle doors... are all delicately and elaborately carved. Inside the houses there are many ancient items that people have preserved for many generations such as: lime jars, wine trays, wooden dining trays, all kinds of jars, salt jars, water jars... In Phuoc Tich, each house is separated by a large garden with straight rows of green Chinese tea trees, nestled under the shadows of ancient trees tinged with time, creating a close, poetic picture of the countryside. In particular, in the village there is a tree that is nearly 1,000 years old, the circumference of the root of which two people cannot hug; The Ylang Ylang tree, over 100 years old, still blooms in season, fragrantly filling the countryside. Phuoc Tich village was previously famous for Tien Vua ceramic products that were durable, beautiful, and skilled in crafting. To this day, traces of ancient pottery kilns are still preserved. Phuoc Tich villagers have reserved a land dune called Treng dune to preserve old pottery pieces as a traditional museum of the village. Phuoc Tich is also known as the academic village, where many people pass high scores. During the Nguyen Dynasty (1802 - 1945) alone, the village had 19 people with bachelor's and doctorate degrees working as court officials. Phuoc Tich villagers built a Confucius temple at the beginning of the village to honor studiousness and encourage children and grandchildren in the village to diligently pursue writing careers. In particular, in Phuoc Tich ancient village, from the elderly to children, everyone thoroughly understands the history of the village as the first lesson in life. This has made a strong impression on visitors when witnessing the respect of Phuoc Tich people for their ancestors' heritage. Phuoc Tich ancient village was ranked as a national historical relic in 2009.


Thien Mu Pagoda

Location: Thien Mu Pagoda is located on Ha Khe hill, Huong Long commune, City. Hue, Thua Thien-Hue province. Characteristics: The pagoda is one of the oldest and most beautiful religious architecture in Hue.

The name of the temple comes from a legend. The story goes that, since ancient times, local people often see an old woman wearing a red shirt and green pants appearing on the hill where the pagoda is today and saying: there will be a lord who will come and set up a pagoda here to gather. Qi strengthens the veins. When she finished speaking, she disappeared. After entering Thuan Hoa town, Lord Nguyen Hoang once passed by, heard the story and had the pagoda built and named it Thien Mu Tu. In 1601, the pagoda was built. In 1665, Lord Nguyen Phuc Tan restored it. In 1710, Lord Nguyen Phuc Chu ordered the casting of a 2.5m high common persimmon weighing 3,285kg, and in 1715, he ordered the construction of a 2.58m high stele placed on the back of a marble turtle. During the Nguyen Dynasty, kings Gia Long, Minh Mang, Thieu Tri, and Thanh Thai all restored the pagoda. Phuoc Duyen Tower (originally named Tu Nhan Tower) was built by King Thieu Tri in 1844. The octagonal tower is 7 floors high (21m). Dai Hung Palace is the main hall in the pagoda, a massive and magnificent architectural work. In the palace, in addition to the shining bronze Buddha statues, there is also a bronze altar cast in 1677 and a gilded wooden horizontal panel donated by Lord Nguyen Phuc Chu in 1714. On both sides of the pagoda are the groom's house. where monks recuperate and a guest house to welcome guests to visit the temple. In front of the temples and around the pagoda are lush, green flower gardens and ornamental plants. At the back is a quiet pine garden with a poetic landscape. The pagoda was seriously damaged in 1943. Since 1945, Venerable Thich Don Hau organized a major restoration that lasted more than 30 years. Today, the pagoda continues to be decorated more and more splendidly and magnificently, always attractive and attracting a large number of tourists from near and far.


The Nine Gods

Location: The nine cannons are located near The Nhon gate and Quang Duc gate inside Hue citadel, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Nine cannons are nine altar guns, symbolizing the gods protecting the capital.

On January 31, 1803, Gia Long ordered all bronze utensils of the Tay Son dynasty to be confiscated into 9 guns. By the end of January 1804, the casting work was completed. People named the 9 guns after the four seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn, Winter and the five elements: Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth. All nine guns were awarded the title "Than Dai invincible general". Each gun is 5.1 meters long and weighs over 10 tons. 1st gun: Spring, weighs 17,700 pounds 2nd gun: Summer, weighs 17,200 pounds 3rd gun: Autumn, weighs 18,400 pounds 4th gun: Winter, weighs 17,800 pounds 5th gun: Wood, weighs 17,000 pounds 6th gun: Fire , weighs 17,200 pounds 7th gun: Earth, weighs 18,800 pounds 8th gun: Metal, weighs 17,600 pounds 9th gun: Water, weighs 17,200 pounds Meticulously carved gun body, engraved with title, position, weight, usage guns, articles about the dispute with the Tay Son and the collection of gun bronze. These nine guns have never been used in battle, they are only symbolic, seen as gods protecting the capital. When newly cast, the Nine Gods were placed at the foot of the Imperial Citadel, in front of the Ngo Mon gate. It was only during the reign of Khai Dinh that it was moved to the position we see today.


Minh Mang tomb

Location: Minh Mang Tomb is located on Cam Ke mountain, Huong Tho commune, Huong Tra town, Thua Thien - Hue province, near Bang Lang junction, where the Ta Trach and Huu Trach sources merge to form the Huong River flowing through the city. . Hue. Mausoleum away from City. Hue 12km. Characteristics: Minh Mang Tomb is a large-scale architectural complex consisting of about 40 large and small works. Minh Mang Tomb exudes an imposing and majestic appearance but is very harmonious between architectural works and nature.

In April 1840, King Minh Mang changed the name of Cam Ke mountain to Hieu Son and called the mausoleum Hieu Lang. Construction of the mausoleum began in September 1840. In January 1841, while the project was progressing, Minh Mang fell ill and passed away. King Thieu Tri ascended the throne and continued to build the mausoleum according to the old design. In August 1841, King Minh Mang's body was buried in Buu Thanh. By 1843, the mausoleum construction was completed. Minh Mang Tomb is a large-scale architectural complex consisting of about 40 large and small projects including Palaces, Castles, Communal Houses... arranged balancedly on a vertical axis from Dai Hong Mon (outermost) to the foot. Wall of La Thanh behind the king's tomb. The works are distributed on three major axes parallel to each other, of which Shin Dao Street is the center. The whole mausoleum is divided into: the main gate to the mausoleum. The gate has 3 walkways with 24 high and low awnings and beautiful decorations. The main gate only opens once to bring the king's coffin into the mausoleum. If you want to enter or exit, you must go through two side gates, Ta Hong Mon and Huu Hong Mon. , behind Dai Hong Mon is a large yard, with 2 rows of statues of officials, elephants and horses. Bi Dinh is located on Phung Than Son hill, inside there is a stele "Thanh Duc Than Cong" written by King Thieu Tri about the biography and merits of his father. (place to worship the king): Moving forward is the court yard divided into 4 levels. The opening of the temple area is Hieu Duc Mon; Sung An Palace is located in the center worshiping the tablets of the King and Queen Ta Thien Nhan. Hoang Trach Mon is the project that ends the area impregnated with electricity and fragrant with frangipani flowers. Continue across the three bridges Trung Dao (middle), Ta Phu (left), Huu Bat (right) across Truong Minh Lake to reach Minh Lau (light building) built on a hill called Tam Dai Son. The building is square, two floors, eight roofs. On both sides of Minh Lau to the rear are two pillars built on two hills, Binh Son and Thanh Son. Behind Minh Lau are two symmetrical Tho-shaped flower gardens across Shinto Street. Tan Nguyet Lake is shaped like a new moon embracing the circular Buu Thanh in the middle. Cross Thong Minh Chinh Truc bridge across Tan Nguyet lake with 33 clear stone steps to reach the king's resting place located in the center of the hill called Khai Trach Son, limited by the circular Buu Thanh. Minh Mang Tomb with Bi Dinh, Hieu Duc Mon, Sung An and Minh Lau palaces and nearly 60 crosswords engraved with poems on it is a museum of selected poetry of Vietnamese poetry in the early 19th century... Besides Majestic and majestic, Minh Mang tomb also has natural charms that have been renovated to serve as a backdrop for architectural works. Minh Mang's name is Nguyen Phuc Dam, born on January 23, the year of the Rooster (1789), the second son of Gia Long. In January of the year Canh Thin (1820), Crown Prince Dam ascended the throne, his reign was Minh Mang. Minh Mang is intelligent, studious, active and decisive. Minh Mang set a rule: all mandarins who were promoted or appointed... had to go to the capital to meet the King, so that the King could ask about their work, check their abilities and give advice... As a person with profound knowledge of Confucianism, Devoted to Confucius, Minh Mang was very interested in studying, examinations, and selecting talented people. In 1821, he built the Quoc Tu Giam, established the positions of Te Tuu and Tu Nghiep, and reopened the Hoi and Dinh exams, every 6 years. exam, now shortened to 3 years. Minh Mang was also very interested in military equipment, especially the navy, so he sent people to learn about European shipbuilding methods and hoped to help Vietnamese people build Western European-style ships and know how to sail across oceans. Minh Mang completed the dyke system in the North, established an agricultural extension agency, and reclaimed the Northern coastal area to establish two more districts, Kim Son and Tien Hai. Regarding foreign affairs, Minh Mang paid special attention to submitting to the Qing Dynasty, but was cold and suspicious towards Western countries, thus hindering the country's development. Minh Mang had many wives so he had 78 princes and 64 princesses, a total of 142 children. In December 1840, Minh Mang became seriously ill and passed away. He reigned for 20 years and was 50 years old.


Ngo Mon

Location: Ngo Mon is the main gate to the Imperial Citadel in Hue citadel, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Ngo Mon is one of the typical ancient architectural works of the Ngu Huong River mountainous region.

Although it has gone through more than a century and a half with many natural storms and devastating wars, thanks to skillful construction techniques and especially proficient architectural art, Ngo Mon still remains. still stands the test of time to become one of the typical ancient architectural works of the Ngu Song Huong mountain region. Ngo Mon was built in 1833, when King Minh Mang re-planned the ground and perfected the overall architecture in the Citadel. Because the I Ching stipulates that the king should always face the south to rule the world, so, right from the time of Gia Long (1802 - 1810), when building the Hue Capital, architects gave the system The system of citadels and palaces is located in the position of "can tong ton" (northwest, southeast). This direction is also considered the north - south direction. The throne in Thai Hoa Palace is considered the central position of the overall plan, Ngo Mon is located to the south of it. Based on the compass of Eastern feng shui geography, the south belongs to the "noon" direction on the "ty noon" axis (meaning north-south). Therefore, the Minh Mang dynasty named this place. The newly built gate in the middle of the front of the Imperial Citadel is Ngo Mon, replacing the old name Nam Khuyet Dai. We should understand that Ngo Mon is the southern gate with a spatial meaning, not that the word "noon" here has a temporal meaning which is the hour of "noon", when the sun stands in the middle of the day. Therefore, it is impossible Translate the word Ngo Mon into "Noontime gate" as someone has translated it. Only by properly understanding the meaning of the ancients when naming it can we see more clearly the position of Ngo Mon in the overall architecture of the Citadel. In the past, this gate was often closed tightly all year round, only opened when the king entered and left the Imperial Citadel accompanied by a royal delegation, and on occasions when meeting important foreign envoys in the royal palace... However, Ngo Mon Gate It is not just a gate, but a rather complex architectural whole: above there is also the Ngu Phung Floor, which is considered a platform, used to organize a number of annual ceremonies of the court, such as the Royal Court Ceremony. Truyen Lo (reading the names of candidates who passed the doctoral exam), Ban Soc ceremony (distributing calendar), Duyet Binh ceremony... and this is also the place where the abdication ceremony of King Bao Dai took place on August 30, 1945 . In terms of architectural structure, the overall Ngo Mon can be divided into two systems: the platform system below and the Ngu Phung Floor system above, although both have been designed to closely match each other. and in harmony with each other from the whole to the details. Platform system: Nearly 5m high, Ngo Mon platform is built on a perpendicular U-shaped plan, the base is 57.77m long and the wings are 27.06m. The main architectural materials are brick, stone and brass. In the middle of the platform, there are three parallel paths: Ngo Mon (for the king), Ta Giap Mon and Huu Giap Mon (for civil and military mandarins to follow in the Ngu Dao troupe). Inside each U-shaped wing, there is a tunnel-like path that runs from inside to outside, then straight into Dung Dao street. These two paths are called Ta Dich Mon and Huu Dich Mon (for soldiers and elephants and horses accompanying the Ngu Dao group). The upper part of the 5 aisles are all built into high arches, but at the two ends of the 3 middle aisles, the architecture of the Minh Mang period is structured with systems of horizontal and vertical beams made of brass with a cross section of 15x12 to Reinforcing the force from the Ngu Phung Floor located on the platform. Where there is greater weight to bear, the greater the number of crossbeams and the narrower the distance between them, meaning the higher the beam density. And to maintain aesthetics, they have added a layer of laminated copper foil to the outside of these copper beam systems. They have proven to be very proficient in calculating loads and material strengths, as well as in the appropriate use of construction methods and materials. As for the upper floor, the front of the middle house has a louvered door, surrounded by planks, but there are many windows with different shapes: round, fan-shaped, flute-shaped... The roof can be divided into 9 sets. Ngu Phungra Tower is divided into 3 rows, each row consists of 3 roofs: the main row runs horizontally along the U-shaped bottom and two sub-rows run along the two U-shaped wings. These two rows are called Ta Duc Lau and Huu Duc Lau. From the ground level, people go up to the platform by two systems of steps built of clear stone on both sides, located in the open but very discreet. Surrounding the platform is a female wall system (flower wall, railing) decorated with many types of hollow molded flower tiles glazed in five colors. : The Ngu Phung floor has two floors, large at the bottom and small at the top. The ribs are made of ironwood. The floor consists of nine sets of yellow and green glazed tube tile roofs, called royal and lapis lazuli tiles. The tiles are roofed in a yin and yang style. The floor is built on a 1.14m high platform built on a dais. The building has 100 even columns, including 48 columns throughout both floors. The roof of the lower floor is simple, connected together and runs around in a circle on all sides to protect the gables of this floor from sun and rain. But on the upper floor, the roof is divided into 9 different sets, of which the middle set of roofs is higher than the 8 sets of roofs on both sides. All sides of the lower floor are left empty, except for the middle, which has a system of mirrored doors on the front, and built panels on both sides and on the back where the royal seat is set for the king to sit and attend the ceremony. The reason why Ngo Mon overall is built on a U-shaped plan and the Ngu Phung Lau system is divided into 9 sets of roofs, large and small, high and low, undulating and looking fun like that is to avoid the heaviness of the roof. a relatively massive block-shaped architectural work. The platform system is all built of hard materials (stone, brick, copper), but thanks to its soft shape, harmonious arrangement and skillful refinement, it still looks very gentle. The stone is polished smooth, the bricks are carefully fired, and mixed with molasses and tree resin at a high ratio, so the durability is very great. The walkways cut through the base of the platform into quite long tunnels, but natural light still shines in fully thanks to the raised door panels and round windows decorated with the word "tho". The wooden railing systems (on the upper floor of the Ngu Phung Floor) and hollow molded bricks (on the surrounding wall on the platform) further make the overall architecture more elegant. The compartments on the roof, ceiling and gables of the building are decorated with many images of dragons, dragons, bats with money in their mouths, poems, and flowers, making the roof even more beautiful. Based on the measurements of all plan dimensions, elevations and sections, the late artist Pham Dang Tri proved that the whole as well as each part of Ngo Mon architecture is established according to the "golden ratio". of Western aesthetics; although architects in the first half of the 19th century only followed their intuitive aesthetics. On the other hand, the numbers on the Ngo Mon architecture are also applied according to the principles of Eastern Translation, such as number 5, number 9, number 100. The five aisles symbolize the "five elements". The nine rooftops represent the number 9 in the "nine five" moat in the I Ching, corresponding to the destiny of the heavenly son. One hundred house pillars at Ngu Phung Floor show that it is the combined number of "Ha Do" and "Lac Thu" in that book. The number of "Ha Do" is 55 (because the numbers from 1 to 10 add up: 1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9+10); The number of "Lac Thu" is 45 (because the numbers 1 to 9 add up: 1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9). Thus, the number of achievements of Ha Do and Lac Thu combined (55+45) is 100. And when talking about Translation Studies, we must talk about yin and yang, because "One yin and one yang are the virtue of the Way". Ha Do's positive number is 25 (because odd numbers from 1 to 10 add up: 1+3+5+7+9; Ha Do's negative number is 30 (because even numbers from 1 to 10 add up: 2+ 4+6+8+10) and Lac Thu's positive number is 25 (due to the odd numbers from 1 to 9 adding up: 1+3+5+7+9); Lac Thu's negative number is 20 (due to the Even numbers from 1 to 9 add up: 2+4+6+8) The two positive numbers of Ha Do and Lac Thu add up to 50 (ie 25+25); their two negative numbers add up to also be 50 (ie 30 +20). So the yin and yang of Dich Hoc are equal, both 50. That means: (25+25) + (20+30)= 100. In the field, if we use the main road of the Citadel which is Dung In order to divide the floor plan of the Ngu Phung Floor into two parts, we see that each side has 50 symmetrical columns. The yin and yang five elements of Eastern philosophy have been expressed specifically in the Ngo Mon architecture. , in our ancient architectural works, the ancients have entrusted many hidden secrets, hidden words, and very profound meanings. In addition, the emptiness around the lower floors of Ta Duc Lau and Huu Duc Lau clearly reveals The slender columns at Ngu Phung Floor give viewers a feeling, an impression of serenity, gentleness, and comfort. Overall, Ngo Mon Mon is massive and magnificent, looking from a distance like a magnificent castle, but when we approach, we see that the architects of the Minh Mang Dynasty showed very high skills in design and decoration. Therefore, it became a lovely and lovely architectural work, close to the natural landscape and the soul and emotions of the people of Hue. Ngo Mon deserves to be listed among the most outstanding artistic architectural works of the Nguyen Dynasty in particular and of Vietnamese ancient architecture in general. The architectural plan of the Ngu Phung Floor system matches the plan of the platform system, as mentioned above, forming an arm of the owner stretching out in front to welcome guests.


Dong Ba Market

Location: Dong Ba Market is located along the north bank of the Perfume River, on Tran Hung Dao Street, Hue City, about 100m north of Truong Tien Bridge. Characteristics: Dong Ba Market is the largest commercial center of Thua Thien - Hue province and the region.

Before there was Dong Ba market, outside Chanh Dong gate (ie Dong Ba gate according to popular parlance) under Gia Long's reign, there was a large market named "Qui Gia Thi". The name of this market marks the return to Phu Xuan of the Nguyen Dynasty's military officials. During the Quang Toan period, people fled in all directions. At the beginning of the Nguyen Dynasty, there was peace and people returned from everywhere. Qui Gia is the market of those who have returned. Nearly a century later, in the summer of 1885, the capital fell and Qui Gia market was burned by the French invaders. In 1887, King Dong Khanh rebuilt the market and renamed it Dong Ba. The market provides food for palaces, hospitals, military posts, and dormitories of Quoc Hoc, Dong Khanh, Binh Linh, and Thien Huu schools. In 1899, during the process of urban embellishment according to Western style, King Thanh Thai brought the market to where it is now, and the old market hall became the Dong Ba French-Vietnamese school. Dong Ba market during Thanh Thai's time consisted of 4 rows of shops: front, back, right, left. The front has a row of 8 compartments, the back has a row of 12 compartments, the right-hand row has 13 compartments... all tiled. In the middle of the market there is a square building with three floors. The lower floor has 4 walls, each wall has 2 doors. The upper floor has doors on all 4 sides and clock faces to mark the hour. A stone well was built in the market, with a mechanical system to help draw water. When taking water, you use your hand to turn the machine, and the water in the well naturally overflows and sprays out. In the early 20th century, Dong Ba market was renovated many times but still kept the old style. In 1967, the Saigon government demolished the old market and rebuilt a new one. The unfinished project was bombed and destroyed by American artillery bombs during the 1968 Hue Spring campaign. Then the Saigon government ordered temporary repairs for business purposes. In 1987, Dong Ba market was completely restored. In addition to the bell tower in the center, the new Dong Ba market has 9 surrounding rows of buildings and 4 new shopping areas, such as the fish market, self-consumption and self-consumption areas, service areas... with a total construction area. 15,597m². In addition, the market management board also manages Hoa Vien Chuong Duong area, parking lots for cars, auto-rickshaws, bicycle and motorbike storage... bringing the total area of ​​the market to over 47,614m² with 2,543 households. Fixed business, 141 lots, 500 - 700 street vendors. On average, every day there are from 5,000 to 7,000 customers coming to the market. During holidays, the market is more crowded, with over 1.2 thousand people. The quintessence of Thua Thien - Hue's material culture that has been preserved until now can be found at Dong Ba market such as: Phu Cam conical hats, Hien Luong cutlery, Ke Mon jewelry, Song Hy sesame baskets, Truoi strawberry, Tuan sweet soup, Huong Can tangerine, Lai Bang tea bar, Tinh lake dried lotus, Sinh village bougainvillea... and even traditional and popular Hue dishes such as: mussel rice, beef noodle soup, leaf cake, spring rolls shrimp, banh mi, bean curd... Dong Ba Market has become a center providing delicious dishes for international restaurants and hotels, selling Hue specialties to tourists from all over the world. Chau to visit the world heritage site in Hue. Today Dong Ba market plays an important role in the market economy. In addition to the task of providing food and consumer goods to the city, Dong Ba market is also a place to create jobs for thousands of unemployed people and contribute tens of billions of dong in taxes to the state budget each year. Dong Ba Market, Truong Tien Bridge and Perfume River are symbols of romantic Hue.


Tomb of Tu Duc (Khiem Lang)

Location: Tu Duc Tomb is located in Thuy Bieu commune, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: The mausoleum was built in 1864 and completed in 1867 on an area of ​​475 hectares. Unlike other well-proportioned mausoleums, Tu Duc's mausoleum was built liberally and in harmony with existing nature, reflecting the romantic soul of this poet king.

Tu Duc's Tomb is a masterpiece of poetry, a charming landscape painting, evoking to visitors a "smooth, poetic soul" (une douce rêve). King Tu Duc's mausoleum was built in an extremely difficult historical context for the country and for the king himself. The king was born in 1829 and ascended the throne at the age of 20 (1848). Ten years later, because the Hue court applied a narrow foreign policy, the French colonialists attacked Da Nang (1858) and then invaded Gia Dinh (1859) and a number of other provinces in Cochinchina (1862). King Tu Duc was a person who fully absorbed Eastern culture and philosophy with its internal contradiction between the positive in youth and the negative in old age, between life and death. The more he failed in the affairs of the country as he grew older, the more pessimistic and pessimistic he became. The king thought that death would inevitably come to his life, and in order to ease the torment and suffering in the remaining days of his life, he ordered the construction of a mausoleum as a second royal palace so that he could occasionally come here to spend time. control, rest, and also to make "my castle house" (Vi Ngo Vinh Vu, excerpt from Khiem Cung Ky). Standing in this day and age, looking back at the difficult circumstances of the country at that time, the large and costly architectural scale of the king's mausoleum, and the names Khiem Cung and Khiem Lang used to name it, we see That is also an internal contradiction that is difficult to justify for the king himself. But anyway, after completing the mausoleum, King Tu Duc lived another 16 years, until 1883, at the age of 55. After geographical experts examined the land and selected a location in Duong Xuan Thuong village, King Tu Duc "standardized" the mausoleum's architectural project according to his preferences in October 1864. But we still had to watch the day for good, so it wasn't until December of that year that construction began. The entire architectural work of this mausoleum is expected to take 6 years to complete with 3,000 soldiers and workers, and they will be allowed to return home every 3 months. But the Attorney General of the Ministry of Public Works at that time, Nguyen Van Chat, asked for it to be done within 3 years only. The court appointed him and Marshal Le Van Xa of the Infantry to take care of the construction. Not being allowed to take turns to rest and being forced to increase their labor force to the maximum under minimum conditions, those 3,000 dissatisfied soldiers and workers listened to Doan Trung's call to revolt. On the night of the 16th a.m. On September 17, 1866, they used the guise of worshiping the "Five Great Perfectionists" to return to the capital to overthrow King Tu Duc's throne in order to put Ung Dao, the fifth generation grandson of King Gia Long, on the throne, but when they entered When he reached Thai Hoa Palace, he received a strong reaction from the imperial army, so he failed. The rebellion was completely suppressed. King Tu Duc's accident has passed, but the king's reputation has been damaged a lot, because this was not a foreign invasion, but an uprising right in the heart of the Central court. Among the 13 Nguyen kings, King Tu Duc was the most knowledgeable in Eastern education, especially Confucianism. The king was good at history, philosophy, literature and art, and especially loved poetry. The king left behind 600 essays and 4,000 poems in Chinese and about 100 poems in Nom. The king's poetry reflects a kind person, a sentimental soul, and an art enthusiast. That quality is also clearly shown in the architectural art of the king's mausoleum. History says that the king himself "decided" (decider) the model for its construction. Within La Thanh, which is about 12 hectares wide, nearly 50 large and small architectural works are spread out in clusters on complex terrain about 10 meters higher and lower than each other. But, the staircase system paved with clear stone and the winding paths paved with Bat Trang tiles have connected all the architectural works into a unified, correlated, and close whole. Passing through Khiem Cung Mon, a two-story three-entrance gate built on a high ground, people enter a palace system consisting of several dozen large and small buildings and dependent architectural works. The rows and rows of palaces here were reserved for the king and his entourage of ladies who occasionally came to stay and have fun. Minh Khiem Duong - an ancient theater with decorative architectural and artistic value. Hoa Khiem Palace - the place to worship the emperor and queen, still contains many royal utensils and contemporary works of art. If the houses in Khiem Cung are made of wood, all the architectural works in the tomb area on the other side are built of bricks and stones. Most notable is the largest stele in Vietnam, about 5 meters high, protected by a massive, solid building with big columns, thick walls and rolling doors. The architects built Bi Dinh with such materials and styles to withstand the test of time. On the hill across Tieu Khiem Tri semicircular lake is Buu Thanh built of bricks and in the middle is a small house built of clear stone, where the king rests. The castle is covered by a green pine forest, ringing throughout the four seasons. In addition, the drainage system throughout the mausoleum has been designed and built to a high level, and has very good circulation. In general, each architectural work in Tu Duc tomb carries a different line of visual art: not duplicated and very lively. The way of distributing areas and arranging architectural works in each area at Tu Duc tomb has broken the traditional system of preserving classical symmetry in some other tombs. There are also soft winding paths following the natural land position or shaped by human hands. The architectural lines are generous, in harmony with existing nature, or renovated to suit the art of landscape architecture. If breaking symmetry is also a beauty in art, then Tu Duc mausoleum has that beauty. The architecture and nature here evoke many new aesthetic emotions for visitors, and reflect the romantic and lyrical soul of a poet king. Tu Duc's Tomb is a masterpiece of poetry, a charming landscape painting, evoking to visitors a "smooth, poetic soul" (une douce rêve).


Tomb of Khai Dinh (Ung Lang)

Location: Khai Dinh Tomb is located in Thuy Bang commune, Huong Thuy town, Thua Thien - Hue province, far from the city. Hue 10km. Characteristics: Khai Dinh tomb has a smaller area than the tombs of previous kings but is more elaborate and splendid; exquisitely combining East and West architecture and culture.

Coming to the throne in 1916, King Khai Dinh chose Chau Chu mountainside (also known as Chau E) 10km from Hue to build the tomb. Construction on the mausoleum began on September 4, 1920 and took 11 years to complete. Compared to the tombs of previous kings, Khai Dinh tomb has a much smaller area (117m x 48.5m) but is very elaborate and time-consuming. It is the result of integration of many Asian - European, Vietnamese classical and modern architectural lines. The overall appearance of the mausoleum is a rectangular floating block rising up to 127 steps and is divided into: To enter the mausoleum, you must pass a system of 37 steps with the largest dragon wall in the country, on the yard there are two rows of left and right. Similarly, on both sides it is built in a two-layer, eight-roofed matchless style, but the trusses are made of reinforced cement. Climb another 29 steps to the communal house's courtyard, in the middle there is an Octagonal stele house built of reinforced concrete mixed with ancient and modern times, including a stone stele. On both sides of the yard, each side has two rows of statues looking into the middle of the yard. In addition to the statues like in other mausoleums, there are also 6 pairs of statues of Linh Tu Ve, each pair of statues of the same type next to each other is symmetrical and symmetrical with the pair of statues on the opposite side. These statues are made of rare stone materials in Khai Dinh tomb and all have unique temperaments. Two tall symbolic pillars. Through 3 layers of foundation, you will reach the shrine. From the yard to the palace gate, you have to go through 15 more steps. Khai Thanh Palace is the main room of Thien Dinh Palace, with many consecutive rooms. The flat walls are densely decorated with porcelain glass mosaic art. Along with the paintings on the wall, the floor is tiled with flowers and on the ceiling is a painting of the Nine Dragons hidden in the clouds. The entire 6-sided space has created a world of art. The back room of Khai Thanh Palace is the main palace with a statue of King Khai Dinh, the tomb is below. In the innermost part is the altar with the tablet of the deceased king. Khai Dinh Tomb is truly a work of artistic and architectural value. It enriches and diversifies the mausoleum complex in Hue. King Khai Dinh (1916 - 1925) was the 12th king of the Nguyen Dynasty, ascending the throne at the age of 31. Khai Dinh's name was Nguyen Phuc Buu Dao, the only son of King Dong Khanh. After King Duy Tan was exiled to Africa, Buu Dao ascended the throne and took the reign name Khai Dinh. Since ascending the throne, he has been passionate about building palaces, mansions, and mausoleums for himself and the Royal Family such as Kien Trung Palace, An Dinh Palace, Truong An Gate, Hien Nhon Gate, Chuong Duc Gate. Especially Ung Lang (Khai Dinh's mausoleum). Khai Dinh reigned for 9 years then died (1925), at the age of 40.


Thuan An Beach

Location: Thuan An beach belongs to Thuan An town, Phu Vang district, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Thuan An is an interesting swimming place for tourists after a day of visiting the capital, mausoleums, pagodas, and landscapes in Hue.

Thuan An beach is located next to Thuan An estuary, where the Huong River flows into Tam Giang lagoon and then connects to the sea. The beach is far from the city. Hue is 15km away and visitors can go there by car. The trip by car is both quick and enjoyable with views of the river on one side and views of houses, shrines, temples and rice fields on the other. Thuan An is a place that attracts a large number of Hue people to enjoy the cool air and swim in the sea during the summer. The busiest period here usually lasts from April to September when the weather is hottest. In addition, visitors can visit the nearby Thai Duong temple with the legend of the Thai Duong goddess being deeply worshiped by the villagers, or visit the Am Linh temple worshiping the whale god, a sacred animal of coastal people.


Lang Co beach

Location: Lang Co beach is about 10km long, in Lang Co town, Phu Loc district, Thua Thien - Hue province, next to National Highway 1A, near Hai Van pass. Characteristics: Lang Co was the 30th member of the "World's most beautiful bays" Club in June 2009.

Lang Co is an ideal place for tourists who love the sea. Located on the Central Coast with many famous beautiful beaches, Lang Co with its gentle coastline, white sand, clear blue sea water, and average temperature of about 25 C in the summer, is an attractive destination for tourists. domestic and foreign tourists. With a captivating natural landscape, stretching across the country's most beautiful curves, Lang Co contains almost everything that nature can bestow: the green of tropical mountains and forests, the fine white sand strips. , full sunlight and cool blue sea, as clear as crystal. This is the third bay in Vietnam, after Ha Long and Nha Trang, to be named in the list of 30 most beautiful bays in the world. Lang Co has beautiful scenery and is very suitable for resort tourism. In the past, King Khai Dinh (Nguyen Dynasty) built a palace called "Tinh Viem Palace" (relieving the heat) for the king and queens to rest in the summer. The French also left their traces here, related to the name of this land. Lang Co, may originate from "Stork Village" or L' An Cu, pronounced by the French. Today, Lang Co attracts many large domestic and foreign tourism investors, many modern resorts have been and are being built. Coming here, it seems that no one can resist the serene and seductive natural beauty of Lang Co town. This small and peaceful town offers visitors great relaxation time and many beach games. In addition, visitors can enjoy precious seafood dishes and visit some landscapes such as Chan May and Lang Co fishing village near the beach. Located on the "Central Heritage Road", Lang Co is very close to famous landscapes such as Hue Imperial City, Hoi An Ancient Town, Son Tra Peninsula - home to Son Tra Nature Reserve and many beautiful beaches. . The beautiful scenery of Lang Co Bay, Hai Van Pass, Bach Ma National Park and the ancient fishing village here always attract tourists because of the wonderful harmonious combination between people and nature. Lang Co is 60km from Hue city center but only 40km from Phu Bai international airport. If tourists come to Lang Co from Da Nang city through the Hai Van Pass road tunnel, it is only about 25km. However, the longer route beyond Hai Van Pass is still chosen by many tourists, especially adventurous ones. They will have the opportunity to admire and take photos of breathtaking, majestic scenery and especially view the romantic Lang Co Bay from the high pass.


Hien Lam Pavilion

Location: Hien Lam Cac was built in front of The Mieu Temple, southwest of the Imperial Citadel, City. Hue, Thua Thien-Hue province. Characteristics: Hien Lam Cac is the tallest structure in the Imperial Citadel. This is considered a memorial to the heroes who founded the Nguyen Dynasty.

Hien Lam Cac was built in (1821-1822) during the reign of King Minh Mang. Hien Lam Cac is built on a high rectangular base, paved with Bat Trang tiles, built with bricks, lime mortar and embossed with ceramic pieces for decoration. From below, step up to the platform by two systems of Thanh stone steps, in front and behind each system there are 9 steps. The two sides of the steps are decorated with a dragon image in the middle, which is the limit of the path reserved for the king. Hien Lam Cac is built with high-rise wooden buildings. The first floor is divided into three rooms and two wings. Around the three outer sides of the two wings, brick walls were built to reinforce the bearing capacity of the military columns and cover the interior. In the row of columns 3 from the front, a row of panels is built, with an arched door in the middle of each compartment. The truss, triad, and puzzle systems on this floor are all embossed with stylized dragon motifs transformed into leafy vines. On the middle door hangs a large horizontal panel with the three words "Hien Lam Cac" on a green painted background, the frame is carved with 9 dragons playing with clouds painted in red and gilded. The room on the right has a staircase leading to the upper floor. The stairs are beautifully decorated. The two handrails are divided into boxes decorated with the letters "tho", "swastika" and geometric lines. The top and bottom of the handrail are embossed with soft, curving dragon heads and tails...


Hue Museum of Royal Fine Arts

Location: Hue Museum of Royal Fine Arts is located at No. 3, Le Truc Street, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Hue Museum of Royal Fine Arts is a place to display collections of bronze, porcelain, stoneware, blue ware, crowns and royal utensils of Nguyen Dynasty kings.

The main building to display typical antiques has an area of ​​nearly 1,200m². This building was originally Long An Palace, built in 1845 during the reign of King Thieu Tri. The building itself is a beautiful wooden structure, with 128 precious wooden pillars. All wooden parts of the building are carved with hundreds of classical paintings, sacred animals: dragons, unicorns, turtles, phoenixes... and over 1,000 poems in Chinese characters. Many researchers have rated this as one of the most beautiful palaces in Vietnam. In this palace, there are currently on display about 300 rare ancient artifacts made of gold, silver, jade, porcelain, porcelain, wood... Here, you can see the king's tables, chairs, palanquins, beds, and cabinets. ; shoes, boots, clothes of kings, queens, princesses, princes... All antiques displayed at the museum are valuable works of art meticulously made by artisans. and ingenious.


Hue capital

Location: Hue Citadel is located on the north bank of the Perfume River and belongs to the city. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Hue Citadel was built according to Western architecture cleverly combined with Eastern citadel architecture.

Hue was chosen by the Nguyen lords long ago as the capital of " " and officially became the capital under the Tay Son dynasty. For nearly 4 centuries, Hue has become a complex of architectural monuments and great landscapes, the whole of which has been recognized by UNESCO as a world cultural heritage. Hue Citadel - the overall architecture of Hue Ancient Capital was built on an area of ​​more than 500 hectares and limited by 3 citadel rings in order of large outside, small inside: Imperial Citadel, Imperial Citadel and Forbidden City. This overall architecture uses Ngu Binh Mountain as a precedent and uses two small islands on the Perfume River, Con Hen and Da Vien, as two feng shui elements of the dragon flanking the tiger ( ) to protect the Ancient Capital. It was built by King Gia Long in 1805 and later completed by King Minh Mang in 1832. There, the Nguyen Dynasty kings built many citadels, palaces and royal works. After nearly 200 years, the citadel is now almost intact with nearly 140 large and small construction projects. The citadel is square with a circumference of 10km, 6.6m high, 21m thick, and includes 10 doors for entry and exit. Around and right on the citadel, there are 24 fortresses set up for defense. There is also a side gate connecting to Tran Binh Dai called Thai Binh Mon. :Located in the middle of the capital is where the highest offices of the monarchy are located and where the deceased kings are worshiped. The Imperial Citadel has a nearly square floor plan, each side is about 600m long, built of bricks, 4m high, 1m thick, surrounded by a protective moat, with 4 doors to enter and exit, Ngo Mon Mon is only for the king. The Citadel includes more than 100 beautiful architectural works divided into many areas: From Ngo Mon to Thai Hoa Palace: where major royal ceremonies are held. Trieu Mieu, Thai Mieu, Hung Mieu, The Mieu and Phung Tien Palace: places to worship the Nguyen Dynasty kings. Office of Internal Affairs: warehouse to store precious items, workshop to manufacture royal items. Co Ha Garden and Kham Van Palace: where princes study and play. : is a citadel located in the Imperial Citadel right behind Thai Hoa Palace. The Forbidden City is reserved for the king and his family. The Forbidden City was built in 1804. The citadel is 3.72m high, built of brick, 0.72m thick, about 1,230m in circumference, 324m long in front and back, more than 290m left and right, including nearly 50 architectural works. The structure is large and small and has 7 doors. Dai Cung Mon is the main front door only for the king to enter. Can Chanh (where the king worked every day). Can Thanh (where the king lived), Khon Thai Palace (Hoang Quy Phi's residence). Duyet Thi Duong (theater), Thuong Thien (where the king cooks), Thai Binh Lau (where the king reads books)... In addition, Hue is also famous for the mausoleums of the Nguyen Dynasty kings. The seven mausoleums, each with its own nuance, are all feats of human creation combined with the majestic, beautiful and poetic natural scenery of Hue. The ancient capital of Hue with its Perfume River, Ngu Mountain and palaces, castles, mausoleums, temples, shrines and pagodas has hundreds of years of history and is now being contributed to by the Vietnamese people and the international community. and money to restore and maintain the architecture of the ancient capital of Hue forever as a cultural heritage of humanity.


Ky Dai Hue

Location: The flag tower is located in the middle of the southern face of Hue Citadel, in Thuan Thanh ward, city. Hue, Thua Thien-Hue province. Characteristics: The flag tower is an architectural relic of the Nguyen Dynasty, belonging to the Hue Monuments complex.

The flagpole, also known as the flagpole, was built in the 6th year of Gia Long (1807), at the same time as the Hue Citadel was built. During the reign of King Minh Mang, the Flag Tower was repaired in 1829, 1831 and 1840. Along with the ups and downs of Hue Citadel, the Flag Tower was the place to witness many important historical events of the country. During the Nguyen Dynasty, on all occasions of ceremonies, adorations, patrols or newspaper announcements, the Flag Tower had announcement flags. On August 30, 1945, during the abdication ceremony of King Bao Dai, the red flag with yellow star of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam was raised, ending the existence of Vietnamese feudalism. The flag stand has two parts: the flag stand and the flag pole. The flag tower consists of three rectangular truncated pyramidal floors overlapping each other with a height of about 17.5m. The first floor is more than 5.5m high, the middle and top floors are both about 6m high. On the left side of the flag tower, there is a small path to get to the floors. The middle floor has a 4m wide arched door, the top floor has a 2m wide arched door. Each floor is built with a 1m high railing, decorated with hollow molded flower tiles. The floors of the three floors are tiled with square tiles and Bat Trang bricks, with a rainwater drainage system below. The flagpole is erected in the middle of the top floor of the flag tower. The ancient flagpole was made of wood, nearly 30 meters high. In 1904, due to being broken by a storm, the flagpole was recast in cast iron and in 1948, it was rebuilt with reinforced concrete after being shot down by the French colonialists in 1947. Along with Hue Citadel, Ky Dai It is always a relic site that attracts a large number of domestic and international tourists to visit every year.


An Hien garden house

Location: An Hien garden house is located on an area of ​​4,608m2 in Xuan Hoa village, Huong Long Commune, City. Hue. Characteristics: An Hien garden house has architecture in the style of a Truong house. In addition to its architectural value, An Hien is also a rare and elaborate collection of fruit trees and domestic flowers.




An Dinh Palace

Location: No. 97 Phan Dinh Phung Street, Hue City, Thua Thien - Hue Province. Characteristics: It is a project belonging to the Hue ancient capital relic complex that has been recognized by UNESCO as a World Cultural Heritage.

An Dinh Palace was formerly called Phung Hoa Palace, built in the early 20th century by King Dong Khanh (1886 - 1889) on the banks of An Cuu River as a gift for Prince Nguyen Phuc Buu Dao. In 1917, Prince Buu Dao, after ascending the throne and taking the reign name Khai Dinh (1916 - 1925), rebuilt the palace and renamed it An Dinh palace. In 1922, according to the wishes of King Khai Dinh, An Dinh palace was given to Prince Vinh Thuy, later King Bao Dai (1926 - 1945). After the August Revolution of 1945, former Emperor Bao Dai's family moved from the Royal Palace to live at An Dinh Palace. In 1955, Ngo Dinh Diem, after becoming President of the Republic of Vietnam, confiscated An Dinh Palace and requisitioned it as a residence for a number of local civil servant families. After 1975, An Dinh palace was handed over to the revolutionary government. An Dinh Palace has an area of ​​nearly 24,000m², surrounded by a system of walls built of solid bricks. Looking from the outside to the inside, An Dinh palace includes works: boat wharf, main gate, Trung Lap communal house, flower garden, Khai Tuong pavilion, Cuu Tu Dai theater, animal cage, two horizontal rows of houses, ornamental garden. and the lake, and finally the back gate. Among them, the most prominent are the main gate, Trung Lap communal house and Khai Tuong pavilion. An Dinh palace is built in a three-door style, with two floors. The top of the roof on the upper floor is decorated with the symbol of a large pearl. The entire gate is embossed with porcelain and glass with traditional Vietnamese decorative themes. In particular, the Chinese characters inscribed with the bow's name and the couplets at the gate are all made of very unique colored porcelain pieces. Through the main gate is an octagonal structure, the roof has 2 layers in the form of an ancient floor. The lower roof layer has 8 edges, the upper layer has 4 edges. The 12 edges of the roof are embossed with 12 dragons, on the roof of the sky is a lake. Previously, in the communal house there was a bronze statue of King Khai Dinh cast in 1920. But in 1960, the statue was moved to Khai Dinh mausoleum. In the corners of the communal house, there are statues of the Eight Immortals with very vivid shapes. Located behind Trung Lap communal house and flower garden is an architectural style with bold Western influences, located on an area of ​​nearly 750m². The entire front of the building is elaborately and meticulously decorated with modern Roman architectural motifs (dipper of the legion, angels...) mixed with traditional Eastern decorative themes (dragons, phoenixes). , precious bowls, stylized patterns...). Khai Tuong Floor consists of 3 floors: the first floor has 7 rooms, the most prominent of which is the living room with a set of 6 oil paintings painted directly on the wall depicting the tombs of Gia Long, Minh Mang, Thieu Tri, Tu Duc , Dong Khanh and Khai Dinh; The 2nd floor has 8 rooms, a place to live and rest; The 3rd floor has 3 large rooms and 4 small rooms used as a place of worship. Right behind Khai Tuong pavilion, visitors will see the foundation of the Cuu Tu Dai theater. This is the place where opera and opera performed to serve the Royal Family under King Bao Dai. After archaeological excavations in 2003, the theater's appearance was redrawn. It is a building with an area of ​​about 1,500m² with a capacity of more than 500 spectators, including 2 floors: the first floor is a stage and a system of surrounding stands, the 2nd floor is a stand reserved for the king and guests. An Dinh Palace marks the period when Vietnamese fine arts began to be influenced by Western styles. The architectural works in An Dinh Palace all have a style that combines traditional Vietnamese decorative themes with European decorative themes, creating a unique architectural picture. In mid-2008, Long An palace - where the main artifacts of the Hue Museum of Royal Antiquities are displayed, was restored and embellished, creating artifacts that have been moved to display at An Dinh palace until now. This place has become an attractive address for tourists who want to learn about Vietnam's national cultural heritage through unique and impressive collections of antiques.


Hue Temple of Literature

Location: Temple of Literature faces south, located on a low hill, in Huong Long commune, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: The Temple of Literature was established to honor the saints and sages of Confucianism, and is also a place to train the country's talents.

Previously, the Nguyen lords built the Temple of Literature in the capital and changed its location to three different locations: Trieu Son village, Luong Quan village, Long Ho village. In 1808, Gia Long and the court decided to choose a low hill above Thien Mu Pagoda, close to the left bank of the Perfume River, the current location to build a new majestic and massive Temple of Literature. At that time, Quoc Tu Giam school was also established here and operated until 1908 when it moved to the inner city. The construction of the Temple of Literature started from April 17, 1808 to September 12, 1808, when it was completed. The main architectural works are all built on the ground of a hill nearly 3 meters high compared to the surrounding ground. In front is the Perfume River, behind are villages, mountains and hills spreading out from the Truong Son range, wrapping around behind the Temple of Literature. The works of Hue Temple of Literature are built on a square plan with each side about 160m long. Surrounded by a walled castle. In total there are about 50 large and small architectural works, including 32 doctoral steles and 4 other steles. Temple of Literature (the main shrine of Confucius and Tu Phoi, the twelve philosophies), the two houses Dong Vu and Tay Vu (worshiping the seven twelve Hien and Confucian immortals), Than Tru (kitchen), Than Kho (warehouse) , the To Cong's house, Dai Thanh Mon, Temple of Literature... The buildings are all built with ironwood and other expensive materials. The architectural layout, decoration and interior and exterior decoration are all majestic and literary. The Temple of Literature has been repaired many times and additional structures built, especially under the reigns of King Minh Mang and Thieu Tri. During the reign of King Gia Long, the court had not yet opened the Association examinations, only Huong examinations were held, so there was no doctoral stele built here. From the reign of Minh Mang onwards (1820 - 1840), the Association's examination departments were opened, so they began to erect doctoral stele at the Temple of Literature to engrave the names of those who passed the exam. The "mysterious doctors" were installed one after another at the Temple of Literature yard from 1831 to 1919, the year of the last Hoi exam under the reign of King Khai Dinh... For more than half a century now, war and nature destroyed the Temple of Literature, leaving only 34 stone steles, the most valuable relics of art, culture and history. Two steles in the two Bi pavilions in the Temple of Literature's yard engraved the edicts of King Minh Mang and Thieu Tri. The stele on the left is engraved with Minh Mang's edict dated March 17, 1836, with the general content stating that eunuchs in the inner palace are not considered people who can advance in the profession. The stele on the right is engraved with Thieu Tri's edict dated December 2, 1844, meaning that the king's maternal relatives were not allowed to hold power. 32 doctorate steles are placed in two rows on opposite sides of the yard. All 32 steles have turtles wearing them and are made of marble. The doctoral stele here is not as tall as the stele at the Temple of Literature in Hanoi, but it is more regular, with a different form and decoration... On these 32 stele, the names, ages, and hometowns of 239 qualified doctors are engraved. degree through the Association examinations held during the Nguyen Dynasty. Hue Temple of Literature is an extremely valuable historical relic. Revisiting the Temple of Literature will help visitors understand more about our ancestors' tradition of favoring literature, valuing intellectuals and encouraging studious people since ancient times.


The Mieu

Location: The Mieu Temple is located in Hue Citadel, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: The Mieu Temple is a place to worship the Nguyen kings. This is one of the largest works compared to temples and shrines in Vietnam.

In 1804, Gia Long built Hoang Khao Temple at the location of The Mieu today to worship his father, Nguyen Phuc Luan. After King Gia Long died, Minh Mang succeeded the throne. In 1821, he moved Hoang Khao Temple back a few dozen meters, changed it to Hung Mieu, and built The Mieu Temple in that position in 1821-1822 to worship King Gia Long, and later successor kings. The Mieu was built on an area of ​​1,500m2, and is also a double building in the style of "overlapping temples, overlapping wages" like Thai Hoa Palace. The front business (front house) has 11 rooms and the main business (back house) has 9 rooms. The two joints are connected by a crab shell ceiling. All have the same road that separates each room, meaning the same building is divided into many compartments, a decorated space, an altar reserved for a king. The Temple's base is high, and in the past was paved with yellow and green Bat Trang ceramic tiles. Through renovations before 1975, the front office floor was re-tiled with yellow glazed flower tiles, and the main business floor was covered with cement. The truss columns, arm beams, triads, and plaques are all painted with gilded paint, but the color has faded a lot... Only the altars and altars still retain the gilded lacquer color. In front of each altar, a flute is hung to cover it. The roof was previously covered with yellow glazed tube tiles (royal lapis lazuli) but has now been replaced with regular tiles. On the roof of the front house is a patchwork of five-colored blue dharma. The roofs and edges are all decorated with dragon shapes but are simple... The interior of The Mieu, until the mid-20th century (1954), had only 7 altars, one for each altar, and the extra rooms were left empty.


Phu Cam hat village

Location: Phu Cam village is also known as Phuoc Vinh ward, right in the center of Hue city, on the south bank of An Cuu river, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Hue hats and Phu Cam hats are beautiful in shape, elegant in color, thin and light as translucent, illuminating clearly the paper-cut images of Hue landscape with poetic words embedded in two layers of leaves.

The shape of the hat depends first of all on the hat frame, the technique of shaping the roof, the distance between the brims and the roundness of the brim. Behind the frame is a cone leaf so that it is green and white in color. You must choose leaves that are just old enough so that only 8-9 leaves are enough to fill a hat. Having leaves of the right age must also be processed through a complex drying and composting process. The graceful Hue hat is also due to its skeleton of sixteen different large and small rims. The rim spokes are bent into a very round circle, with the two bamboo ends connected together with skillful thread. The last step is to sew the hat, which must be meticulously and thoroughly sewn with transparent threads attaching the green and white leaves arranged evenly onto the brim. Poem hats are a part of Hue culture. Hat making in Hue is not just a pure craft, but an artistic activity, bringing material art products to society.


Thai Binh Lau

Location: Thai Binh Lau is located in the Forbidden City, Hue Imperial City, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Thai Binh Lau - Thai Binh Ngu Lam Thu Lau is a place for the king to rest or read books.




Canh Duong Beach

Location: Canh Duong Beach in Phu Loc district, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Canh Duong Beach is one of the most beautiful beaches in Hue.




Nam Giao Forum

Location: Nam Giao Forum is located in Thuy Xuan Commune, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Being an open-air altar, the architectural model carries both religious and political significance of the Eastern monarchy.

Immediately after ascending the throne (1802), King Gia Long built an altar in An Ninh village in 1803. A few years later, the court abandoned that location and built another altar in Duong Xuan village in the south of the capital. Hue citadel (relics are now reserved). The construction of the Heaven Altar began on March 25, 1806. In early 1807, the Gia Long court held the first Giao Sacrifice ceremony here. The Nam Giao altar is an open-air altar. This architectural model carries both religious and political significance of the Eastern monarchy. The Nam Giao Dan is associated with the Confucian theory of Mandate of Heaven. The structure of the piano depicts the limited concept of the universe of many previous dynasties: Heaven is round, earth is square. The Nam Giao altar faces south. The stone wall surrounding the temple's grounds has four wide, empty doors pointing in four directions. In front of each door, a very large screen is built (12.5m wide, 3.2m high, 8.8m thick). During the ceremony, large flags with different colors are placed in front of each door: the North door is black, the South door is red, the East door is blue, and the West door is white. The altar is structured into three floors, large at the bottom, small at the top, overlapping each other, symbolizing the theory of three talents: Heaven, Earth, and Humanity. Each floor has its own shape and color: The sky is round, the earth is square, the sky is blue and the earth is yellow. The circular top floor is called Vien Dan, symbolizing heaven. The surrounding railings are painted blue. On the day of the ceremony, people built on this floor a conical house with a blue cloth roof called Thanh Oc. The next floor has a square shape called Phuong Dan, symbolizing land. The railings on all four sides are painted with yellow lime (rehmannia). During the ceremony, the court built here a square house covered with yellow cloth, smaller than the house above, called Hoang Oc. The lower floor is also square, the surrounding railings are painted red to represent people. During the ceremony, there were 128 literary students and dancers standing and dancing. The three floors combined are 4.65m high. The Nam Giao instrument applies the principles of Yin and Yang and the Five Elements of Yi Studies. Since Gia Long's reign (1802 - 1819), the ceremony has been held on the first week of the second lunar month every year. Since 1880, because each sacrifice was too expensive, Thanh Thai's court changed the ceremony to once every three years, in the years of the Rat, Mao, Ngo, and Rooster. The Ministry of Rites and Public Works must prepare months in advance for the ceremony. Each time the king came and stayed at Trai Cung for 3 days, Bao Dai's time was reduced to one day. From the Citadel, the king went up to Trai Cung with a procession called Ngu Dao with from 1,000 to 5,000 people, all wearing bright costumes and jewelry. The king sat on Ngu Lien carried by Loan soldiers in the middle of the middle path. The ceremony officially began at 2:00 a.m. and lasted nearly 3 hours... The altars of worship to heaven of the Ly, Tran, and Le dynasties are no longer there. The Nguyen Dynasty's Nam Giao Platform in Hue is the only relic remaining relatively intact. Visiting here, visitors have the opportunity to understand more about many areas of cultural and spiritual life in the Vietnamese feudal court.


Redemptorist Church

Location: The church is located at the end of Nguyen Hue Street, City. Hue, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: Redemptorist Church harmoniously combines Western and Eastern architecture.

Construction of the church began in 1937 and was completed in 1942. The special thing about the architecture of this church is that the door is wide and has no walls. The porch of the cathedral is designed to be large so that when many people come to attend the ceremony, the door can be opened and people on the porch can still feel like they are inside the cathedral. The main altar is made of pink marble, the slab is 3.6m long, 1.25m wide and 28cm high. Next to the main altar there are two smaller altars also made of pure pink marble. In the church there are also drums and gongs with strong Asian characteristics. Outside the hallway, there is a small room to store ashes so that when the family of a Christian dies, the remains can be burned into ash and placed in a small cottage for worship (with incense burning). The bell tower consists of 4 bells controlled by electricity. Redemptorist Church, the top has a sharp spire reaching straight to the sky, the body of the church is tiled with a roof, a harmonious combination of Western and Eastern architecture. This is a church with beautiful architecture in the city. Hue.


Thanh Tan hot springs resort

Location: Thanh Tan hot spring resort in Phong An commune, Phong Dien district, Thua Thien - Hue province. Characteristics: This is a very ideal resort. At the source, the mineral water is hot to 68ºC, boiling chicken eggs.

Now, based on that hot spring, Thanh Tan Natural Mineral Water Company has put into operation this type of resort tourism. During summer days, there are times when thousands of tourists from all over the country come here to relax. In addition to the system of ponds and natural hot springs, there is also a system of swimming pools and bathing pools hidden among very poetic orchids. On the lake, there is a system of motels built with cottages and solid houses to serve the needs of tourists. After bathing, if tourists want, they can participate in a very attractive exercise program such as calisthenics, gymnastics, mineral water sauna... A kitchen system serves both on-site and long-term culinary needs for visitors wishing to stay for rest and convalescence.


Bao Son Paradise Park

Location: Located on Km8 Lang Hoa Lac street in An Khanh commune, Hoai Duc district, 12km from Hanoi city center. Characteristics: The first international standard entertainment and cultural tourism complex in the North.

With an area of ​​20 hectares, Bao Son Paradise Cultural Tourism and Amusement Park is part of the overall project to build and develop a new urban area in An Khanh (Hanoi). This project was started in March 2005, completed and put into operation at the end of 2008. Coming to Bao Son Paradise, visitors will be able to admire with their own eyes a miniature model of Vietnam with quintessential cultural features. specialization. At the same time, visitors also have the opportunity to know products with regional cultural characteristics created by the hands of artisans from all over the country. Bao Son Paradise was built with the purpose of preserving ancient architecture, honoring fine traditional cultural values, and exploiting the unique features of Vietnamese nature and people. Here, visitors will be immersed in a large space with attractive tourist areas such as the old town, traditional Vietnamese craft villages, culinary areas, eco-tourism areas and art performances. Located on an area of ​​5,000m², the old town was built with more than 20 adjacent houses in the "matchproof" style, with tile roofs and some houses with Western architecture. Each house is a store for fabrics, fine arts, electronics, refreshments... arranged to ensure a harmonious combination, vividly recreating the daily and business life of Hanoi people. the late 19th and early 20th centuries. This is not only a place to preserve the unique architecture of ancient Hanoi, but also to preserve the spiritual and cultural heritage of the history of a thousand-year-old Hanoi of civilization, helping tourists Visitors can visit and learn about services that have existed in Hanoi's history and are still valid to this day. Strolling through the old town, visitors can walk in the lively space of 15 traditional craft villages. On an area of ​​10,000m², the craft village is divided into zones corresponding to each typical craft. Visitors will be introduced from the production and manufacturing process to the context in which they are made, with banyan trees, wells, and communal courtyards. Visitors can also participate in the production process or buy products from famous craft villages such as Van Phuc silk, gem paintings, Phu Lang ceramics, gold and silver gems, rattan, pottery, and wood carving. , bronze casting mounds, Dao wax brocade dyeing, Thai ethnic brocade weaving, handicraft bags, wood inlay, embroidery, antique imitation... or learn about community cultural activities of traditional Vietnamese villages such as village meetings, cheo mats, quan ho singing, water puppet performances, ethnic music and dance programs... are recreated at the village communal house. Next to the old town and traditional craft villages is a culinary area that brings together the most unique dishes of the three regions of the country introduced at 30 booths. This is also where culinary festivals will continuously take place. In the 400-seat theater, visitors can also watch folk art performances. The eco-tourism area occupies an important position in Bao Son Paradise Park. Here, two artificial mountains built as an ocean world will display 2,000 types of live fish from different continents such as sharks, rays, dolphins, seals, sea lions... and many more. coral along with rare marine life. Visitors can also visit the royal garden with about 500 types of precious orchids from Vietnam and Southeast Asia, the butterfly garden and butterfly museum, the 20 m high Maitreya Buddha statue and 12 Arhat statues, many lakes with monuments. Dragons hatch eggs, Dragons and Phoenixes... Different from the quiet and peaceful features of the old town and traditional craft villages, the entertainment area is a place that synthesizes many different types of games, diverse in form. , rich in genres, satisfying the entertainment needs of many audiences, especially teenagers, with exciting and attractive games such as ferris wheel, horse riding, space exploration, and car racing. electricity, thrilling cruises, swaying trains; swing and swing; haunted house area... The amusement park also has a swimming pool system, slides, and jacuzzi. This is a hot and cold swimming and indoor entertainment complex serving visitors throughout the four seasons. The XD Rooling coaster game area is a modern XD movie theater imported from Canada with 16 seats. A special feature of this area is that while viewing 3D images, the hydraulic system will move multi-dimensionally according to the content taking place on the screen. This movement combined with the impact of the wind and the effects of sound and light in the projection room will give viewers an extremely interesting multi-dimensional feeling. In addition, the park also has water music performances, Laser movie screenings and daily dolphin and seal circus performances at the 7,000-seat grandstand. Bao Son Paradise Park is a project with bold cultural and architectural imprints. Vietnamese antiquity combined with modern world technology. This project has contributed to making Hanoi a lively and attractive weekend cultural tourism destination.


Ba Vi National Park and Tourist Area

Location: Ba Vi National Park and Tourist Area is located in the Ba Vi mountain area, Ba Vi district, Hanoi. Characteristics: It is an attractive tourist resort for tourists. Here the scenery is breathtaking, natural scenery blends with people.

From Hanoi city center, go about 42km to Son Tay town, continue 16km to Hai stream. Here, visitors have the opportunity to roam the lake by boat, visit islands growing medicinal plants, bird islands, stork islands... to breathe fresh air amid beautiful natural scenery. Tourists continue to the north slope of Ba Vi mountain, visiting Ao Vua waterfall. A stream of water falls from above, forming three levels of waterfall. The last waterfall rushes down into a small lake with turquoise water, which is Ao Vua. Visitors can climb all three levels of the waterfall along the stone steps, where plants and trees grow on the mountainside. Tourists continue their journey to an altitude of 400m to find remaining traces of the resort built in 1940 by the French. Here visitors can walk around the park surrounding a swimming pool, take souvenir photos or rest in restaurants, built on stilts, drinking refreshments or milk made from cow's milk raised below. down of Moutain. Cars take tourists further up. The road gets steeper and steeper, and the clouds sometimes thicken. At an altitude of 1,200m, visitors feel relieved because it is the top of Ba Vi mountain. The scenery is breathtaking, the fog hovers like you are in a fairyland. After enjoying the cool, fresh air, visitors continue climbing 779 stone steps to the west to visit the temple of President Ho Chi Minh and climb 225 stone steps to the east to Thuong Temple, where Saint Tan Vien is worshiped. If you still have the strength, you can climb a few dozen more stone steps to reach the top of Vong Canh, covered in thick clouds and fog. On clear, sunny days, standing here with the naked eye, visitors can see the scenery of the capital Hanoi, most clearly the modern Linh Dam apartment complex, a series of buildings in the central area and cannot help but exclaimed "wonderful". How interesting it is for tourists to enjoy the pleasure of staying one night in a starry guest house here. The next day, down the mountain, visitors can explore Ba Vi primeval forest with a management area of ​​7,377 hectares, scattered at altitudes from 200m to 1,300m above sea level. Mild climate, rich vegetation with 450 species, many precious species, 128 species of higher plants, 250 species of medicinal plants. Animals include 45 species of mammals, 113 species of birds belonging to 40 families and 7 orders. Amphibians have 15 species, insects have 86 species belonging to 17 families and 9 orders. Rare animals such as northern ferrets, moon bears, civets, flying squirrels, pheasants, white pheasants... Aquatic animals include floating plants and green algae.


Thanh Chuong Viet Palace

Location: Thanh Chuong Viet Palace is located at Day Dieu slope, Keo Ca dam, Hien Ninh commune, Soc Son district, Hanoi, about 30km north of Hanoi city center. Characteristics: This place is like a miniature Northern countryside village, preserving traditional cultural values ​​and introducing, reflecting the typical beauty of Northern Vietnamese villages.

Viet Phu Thanh Chuong is the name that writer Kim Lan and many of his friends gave to the approximately 10,000m² garden house of his son, artist Thanh Chuong. Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to admire the overall beauty of the northern Vietnamese countryside dating back hundreds of years ago. The ancient architectural complex mixed with a bit of modernity and tens of thousands of historical cultural artifacts from the Dinh and Ly dynasties. , Tran, Le... have naturally made the Villa an attractive cultural tourist destination near the city. Right from the entrance gate, visitors are reminded of the ancient beauty of the gate of Tho Ha village, Duong Lam. The wooden gate has 3 doors, one main door and two side doors, above is a small red-tiled roof, surrounded by many stone statues and delicately carved patterns. When entering the gate, visitors You will encounter familiar, rustic features of the countryside: a fishing lake with a stone bridge to sit on and fish on the right, an ancient well transferred by the artist from Thanh Hoa here is on the left and the road Leading visitors from the entrance to visit the entire Villa also bears the mark of the past with rows of Bat Trang tiles laid quite regularly. One of the beauties of the architectural complex here is the old houses with different designs and arrangement styles. This ancient house area includes 3 typical house architectures of the Northern region of Vietnam, of which the most impressive is the five-compartment ancient house made of ironwood, about 200m² wide - typical of ancient house architecture in the Northern Delta region. The set was originally transferred here by the owner from Nam Dinh. With a very peaceful name, "the house is elaborately carved and elaborately decorated with rows of parallel sentences painted in red and gold on both sides of the door; Inside the house there are many rare antiques and beautiful lacquer paintings on display. To create a more simple and rustic feature, in front of the house there is also a lotus pond, well, jars, water jars, and lush green trees; behind the house is a style - a very detailed simulation of the mud-walled cottage of the Farmers in ancient times had an entrance gate plastered with dirt, both sides of the house walls were also plastered with dirt, in front there were bamboo mats, bamboo tables and chairs, antique tea sets, jars, and plow pipes, especially, on both sides. At the top of the house are some agricultural tools and farming equipment such as plows, harrows, hoes, shovels, sickles, etc. Another architecture in this ancient house that is equally impressive is the stilt house based on the architecture of the house. Stilt houses of Muong ethnic people in Hoa Binh. This is a wooden stilt house with an upper floor for living and a lower floor for receiving guests. In front of the stilt house is a small lotus pond with an ancient stone bridge, surrounded by lush, green trees. To have the opportunity to rest and relax at the Villa every Tet holiday and also to focus on exploiting more ancient cultural features, artist Thanh Chuong also built an ancient house in his Villa. The two-winged room is made of ironwood with an area of ​​about 120m². This is also a house imbued with traditional Vietnamese residential architecture. In addition to the three typical ancient house architectures, this place also has many other beautiful architectural works, typically: - 5-storey Water Tower. This is a Water Tower located right next to the stilt house with architecture based on the architecture of Dau Pagoda. On the bottom floor of the Tower, there are displays of antique tables and chairs and a large drum placed on a wooden platform. - Outdoor Buddha Worship Area. This place is solemnly decorated with a statue of the Patriarch in the middle, surrounded by stone incense trees. On both sides of the stone steps leading to the Buddha's feet are placed many ornamental plants, further enhancing the beauty of the place of worship. - A 5-storey white house with very delicate architecture: hidden under curved roofs in the style of ancient temples and pagodas, the house has the very poetic name Tuong Van, meaning good clouds. Next to that is the rustic Thuy Dinh house with wooden doors that have faded over time. - The talent of artist Thanh Chuong is also shown in the construction at his Viet palace of a large hall with dozens of sets of antique tables and chairs. In front of the hall is Lo Mac Huong's house, which is very rustic and simple with lush, green Poinciana trees planted around. Every May, the beauty of Lo Mac Huong is even more beautiful because it is adorned with the brilliant red color of poinciana flowers. Right next to it is Dai Khoa's house with simple and rustic tables and chairs, adding to the ancient culture... Since Thanh Chuong Viet Palace completed the first projects, every year this place has welcomed many visitors. Many domestic and foreign tourists come to visit. Visitors coming here are free to admire and explore the quintessence of Vietnamese culture. It is the rural beauty of Viet Phu's estate and the owner's hospitality and ability to arrange and display art that has left a deep impression in the hearts of visitors every time they have the opportunity. come here.


Vietnamese Women's Museum

Location: No. 36 Ly Thuong Kiet, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi. Characteristics:- A place to display and preserve documents and artifacts introducing the role and achievements of Vietnamese women in the nation's development process. - Is a place for cultural exchange between Vietnamese women and women around the world.

The Vietnamese Women's Museum was inaugurated on October 20, 1995 on the occasion of the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Vietnamese Women's Union. The Vietnamese Women's Museum is not only a place to research, preserve, and display valuable heritage of Vietnamese Women but also a center for cultural exchange activities of Vietnamese women and international women for the goals of Equality - Development and Peace. With an exhibition area of ​​about 1,200m² in two large consecutive blocks, the museum introduces 5 topics: - Vietnamese women in the Vietnamese ethnic community. - Vietnamese women in the cause of building and protecting the Fatherland. - Vietnam Women's Union and the cause of fighting for women's liberation. - Cultural features of Vietnamese women through traditional handicraft products. - Women's costumes of Vietnamese ethnic groups. The first space is the gold-plated statue of "Mother Vietnam, 3.6m high, made by artist Phu Cuong. The image of a mother is healthy, full of vitality, gentle and kind. Her right hand is open." wide, representing the overcoming of all difficult challenges; the left hand holds a baby, both arms are reaching forward. On the ceiling are arranged white light beams representing the flow of breast milk, an endless source of life that nourishes generations. The statue is a symbol of the strength, beauty and life aspirations of Vietnamese women... Since its opening, the Women's Museum has created an attraction for domestic and foreign tourists.


Son Tay ancient citadel

Location: Located right in the center of Son Tay town, Hanoi. Characteristics: This is an ancient citadel with military architecture and a wall and gate system built entirely of laterite.

The land of Son Tay is known to tourists because it has many famous landscapes and historical relics such as: Dong Mo lake, Son Tay ancient citadel, Duong Lam ancient village, Va temple, Mia pagoda... among them, The famous Son Tay citadel is not only an ancient citadel with special military architecture but also an ancient citadel with a system of walls and gates built of very solid and solid laterite ( Laterite is a typical construction material of the former Son Tay region. From the center of Hanoi city, follow Highway 32 about more than 40km west, visitors will arrive at Son Tay town. Son Tay ancient citadel is located in the center of the town, built in 1822 and was once the capital of Tam Tuyen region, including 3 provinces: Son Tay, Hung Hoa, Tuyen Quang, under the reign of King Minh Mang, Nguyen Dynasty. . The citadel has a quadrilateral shape, a circumference of about 1,304m with 4 entrance arches: East, West, Front, Back; Each gate has an 18m high gazebo so you can go up there to observe everything below and has a city wall system built of very solid 5m high laterite bricks, around the citadel there is also a moat 3m deep and 20m wide. 1,795m long. Inside, there are 4 cannons placed at the 4 corners of the citadel, Kinh Thien Palace (a 5-compartment building, where the king works and rests when on business trips), a palace and a public park. Streets of the Governors, Governors, Admirals, Docs... There are also wells, flagpoles, barracks... The notable point of Son Tay ancient citadel is that this citadel was built according to the architecture of the citadel. French infinity. According to historical records, Son Tay ancient citadel was designed by engineer S.P.de Vauban - a French military strategist. He was the one who revolutionized the art of defense under King Lu-I XIV (Louis , 1692). The Vo-bang citadel has a clear geometric shape, with angular protrusions, suitable for developed military conditions. In Vietnam, this type of citadel was built in some places such as: Gia Dinh (Saigon), Hue city (Thua Thien - Hue), Son Tay (Hanoi), Vinh (Nghe An), Dong Hoi (Quang Binh). )… After nearly 200 years with many historical ups and downs, this ancient citadel has been degraded. In 1994, the Ministry of Culture and Information (Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) recognized Son Tay ancient citadel as a national historical and cultural relic. In 2003, this ancient citadel was renovated with architectural work that partly recreated its previous appearance. In order for visitors to have the opportunity to both admire the unique architectural works and have the opportunity to relax, visit and admire the scenery here, in addition to renovating the architectural works, people also built a campus with rows of shops. Lush, green trees and a number of other projects... On February 16, 2009, the Hanoi People's Committee decided to continue renovating and embellishing the historical and cultural relics of Son Tay ancient citadel to restore service for the 1,000th Anniversary of Thang Long - Hanoi.


Phu Vinh rattan and bamboo village

Location: Located in Phu Vinh village, Phu Nghia commune, Chuong My district, Hanoi, about 30km from Hanoi center. Characteristics: Phu Vinh rattan and bamboo products have reached the highest peak in the art of bamboo and rattan weaving today in Vietnam.

According to legend, in the past, Phu Vinh had many storks gathering and living in flocks. The stork feathers fell out and covered an area, so someone picked them up and braided them into hats for use. Stork feather hat products are both durable and beautiful, so many people like to buy them and gradually develop into the craft of weaving stork feather hats. Later, when the stork feathers became less and less, hat weavers switched to other materials such as rattan and bamboo to weave many items and products such as baskets, baskets, baskets... From then on, a village was formed in Phu Vinh. rattan and bamboo craft. The traditional feature of Phu Vinh rattan and bamboo products is that although the shape is simple and rustic, the production technique is very sophisticated, requiring the meticulousness of talented and skillful hands. To produce bamboo and rattan products, artisans must take many steps from selecting and purchasing, processing raw materials to manufacturing products. If the material is bamboo, it must be dried, then put in a tank soaked in anti-termite chemicals for 10 days, then taken out to grind the knots, scrape the bark, use sandpaper to polish and dry. The next step is to put the bamboo into the oven, use straw or bamboo leaves to smoke the color. After smoking, the bamboo is taken out of the oven, cooled, then straightened and sharpened. If the raw material is rattan, it must go through two processing steps: drying and splitting the rattan. The process of drying rattan must be done properly, otherwise the rattan will turn red and lose its softness. After drying, the rattan is cut into 3m long pieces, straightened and then split into even fibers for weaving. The colors of bamboo and rattan products are very rich, they can be the original color of bamboo or rattan or supported by mixing PU paint. Phu Vinh rattan and bamboo products have hundreds of designs and types, some requiring high technology such as portraits, landscapes, horizontal panels, parallel sentences, birds and animals or ceramic products wrapped in rattan - a combination. Combining the essence of Bat Trang ceramics and Phu Vinh rattan and bamboo. In particular, there are Phu Vinh rattan products that are still being preserved as rare ancient works of art. It is a work of Chinese calligraphy woven from rattan at the Hue Museum of Royal Antiquities... And to preserve and promote traditional crafts to create many new products with beautiful designs, in 2007, the club Phu Vinh artisans was established, gathering many talented artisans and workers to participate. Currently, Phu Vinh bamboo and rattan products have been exported to nearly 50 countries around the world and are very popular with tourists from Japan, America, Germany, France...


Van Phuc silk village

Location: Located on the banks of Nhue River, Van Phuc ward, Ha Dong district, Hanoi, about 10km from Hanoi center. Characteristics: Van Phuc is the most famous and oldest beautiful silk weaving village in Vietnam.

According to legend, about 1,200 years ago, Mrs. La Thi Nga - wife of General Cao Bien of the Tang Dynasty followed her husband to govern Giao Chau (the then name of Vietnam). While living in Van Phuc, she taught people how to grow silk and weave silk. To remember her gratitude, the villagers honored her as the village tutelary god, worshiped her at Van Phuc village communal house and took the 10th day of the 8th lunar month (her birthday) and the 25th day of the 12th lunar month (her death day). celebrate the day of worship and death anniversary every year. The products of Van Phuc silk village are works of art reaching perfection. Plain silk products are smooth, soft, and smooth. Jacquard textiles' colors are sometimes shiny, sometimes elegant, and sometimes their patterns are hidden or embossed. To create the above excellent silk products, weavers must carry out a complex production process including many stages such as: silk, sizing, weaving, dyeing, and drying. Right from the stage of silk, the worker not only simply wraps the yarn into a tube, but also has to choose the yarn, cut the yarn to ensure that the silk yarn is white, smooth, not hairy, the silk value must be even, then weave the yarn. Select warp and weft separately. After being silken, the yarn must be starched. Sizing is only done with warp yarns and requires very high technique. The worker must add beeswax to the glue to starch the yarn and at the same time use his own secret to make the yarn after the starch both supple and shiny, then use a loom to weave. If weaving plain silk, use two types of straight hem and round hem. Go straight to weave thin, smooth silk, and go round to weave silk with dots. Jacquard weaving has the same operation as plain weaving, but the difference is that before weaving, it is necessary to draw the flower pattern on paper. The weaver puts the pattern on the table and sews the flowers, then one person weaves and the other places the flowers. The main role is the weaver while the person who installs the flowers just pulls the beam up. People call jacquard weaving double weaving to distinguish it from single weaving when making plain silk goods. At the dyeing stage, not all types of silk are dyed, but some are left pure white, turning ivory yellow like pure silk. There are types that are dyed right from the yarn stage, such as brocade and fabric, but there are types, such as bamboo and silk, that are only dyed after weaving has been completed. Silk weaving not only has a complicated production process but also requires creativity and ingenuity from the workers. The art of decorating patterns on silk is considered the epitome of the artisans' style of creating shapes on thin materials. They used decorative themes from the national traditional art treasure but were creative and not stereotypical to adapt to textile materials such as Ngu Phuc (five bats surrounding the word Tho), Long Van (dragon and clouds). ), Tho Dinh (incense burner and Tho word), Quan Ngu Vong Nguyet (a flock of storks watching the moon), Hoa Loc (flower on a blue bud)... In general, patterns woven on silk are arranged symmetrically, with lines The lines are not cumbersome or complicated, but always soft, generous and decisive. The products of Van Phuc silk village are very diverse in color and rich in types such as brocade, silk, silk, satin, lace, cinnamon tape, field, dong, doi, satin, fabric... Historically , Van Phuc silk was once used to make national costumes and was especially popular during the Nguyen Dynasty. The first time Van Phuc silk appeared on the international market was at the Marseilla fair (1931) and was considered by the French to be a sophisticated product of French Indochina. And since 1990, Van Phuc silk has been exported to many countries around the world such as France, Poland, Switzerland, Cambodia... Currently, Van Phuc has become a familiar destination in village tours. profession. Coming to Van Phuc, visitors not only have the opportunity to shop for genuine Ha Dong silk products but also witness the silk making process of artisans, especially at the workshop of artisan Trieu Van Mao. Because only his workshop has a machine to weave Van silk - the most famous traditional silk in Van Phuc that has almost been lost. This is a thin type of silk with floating and hidden flowers. Flowers that float on the surface of the silk are shiny and smooth, while flowers that are sunk must be shined in the light to be seen. Next to the weaving factory is a product introduction shop with hundreds of types of silk of all colors and products such as scarves, clothes, bags, ties... Van Phuc silk brand has not only become a pride pride of the people of Van Phuc, but more importantly, it also preserves a feature of Vietnamese culture.


Tran Quoc Pagoda

Location: On the banks of West Lake, Thanh Nien Street, Tay Ho District. Characteristics: It is the oldest pagoda in Hanoi, has quite large and beautiful architecture, and has a large tower garden.

Built in the 6th century, during the reign of Ly Nam De, the pagoda was called Khai Quoc (opening the country) and was located outside Yen Phu dike. In 1615, the riverbank eroded close to the pagoda, so it moved into the dike and lay beside the waters of West Lake. The pagoda changed its name many times: An Quoc, Tran Quoc, Tran Bac... The pagoda has a large scale and includes three folds. The front house, the trend house, the upper palace are connected into a public shape (I), 2 corridors, a bell tower, an ancestral house and a stele house. In the pagoda, there are still 14 stone steles recording many precious documents and fully describing the pagoda renovation process. In particular, the pagoda also has a large tower garden and many towers. In the temple grounds, there is a bodhi tree with luxuriant branches and leaves, which was a gift from the President of India when he visited Hanoi in 1959. Tran Quoc Pagoda with its large scale Quite large architecture, beautiful scenery, a famous pagoda, combining the ancient beauty of the architecture with the elegant beauty of a scenic spot along West Lake, which is currently an attractive tourist destination.


Long Bien Bridge

Location: Long Bien Bridge spans the Red River, connecting Hoan Kiem and Long Bien districts of Hanoi city. Characteristics: Long Bien is the first steel bridge across the Red River and is considered a historical evidence witnessing many ups and downs of the capital Hanoi through the two resistance wars against the French and the Americans.

The Long Bien bridge construction project was approved by Governor General of Indochina Paul Doumer in 1897 with the aim of improving the infrastructure necessary for the colonial exploitation of the French colonialists. In 1898, the French company Daydé & Pille won the contract to design and construct the bridge. Construction of the bridge began in 1899 and was completed in 1902, named Doumer Bridge after the Governor General of Indochina. This was the largest bridge in Indochina at that time and was praised by the French as "the bridge connecting two centuries". The bridge includes a 2,290m long river crossing with 19 spans of steel beams placed on 20 pillars over 40m high (including foundations) and 896m of path leading up to the bridge built of stone. The bridge design has a railway for trains running in the middle, on both sides are roads for non-motorized vehicles and pedestrians. Pedestrian paths on both sides of the bridge were the most beautiful places to stroll and admire the Red River in Hanoi at that time. After the liberation of the Capital (October 10, 1954), the bridge was renamed Long Bien. During the resistance war against the US (1954 - 1975), the Vietnamese army built two anti-aircraft artillery positions on the beach in the middle of the Red River and used high points on the bridge wall as anti-aircraft artillery emplacements to bombard US aircraft. The bridge spans damaged by American bombing were replaced with semi-permanent beams with short spans placed on new piers to ensure uninterrupted traffic across the bridge. In 2002, Long Bien bridge was repaired and reinforced. Currently, the bridge is only for trains, motorbikes, bicycles and pedestrians. A special feature of Long Bien bridge is that the direction of vehicles is on the left side of the bridge, contrary to the traffic flow in Vietnam. At the beginning of Long Bien bridge, there is still a metal sign engraved with the bridge construction time and the name of the construction contractor.


Vietnam Art Museum

Location: No. 66 Nguyen Thai Hoc Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi. Characteristics: It is one of the important museums in preserving the treasure of cultural and artistic heritage of the Vietnamese ethnic community.

The Vietnam Fine Arts Museum was originally a house built by the French in the 30s of the 20th century as a place for the daughters of French officials from all over Indochina to come to Hanoi to study. In 1962, with the permission of the Government, the Ministry of Culture renovated this house from a Western architectural appearance and added architectural decorative details of Vietnamese communal houses to become a permanent display place for the works of art. Vietnamese fine arts works. In 1966, the Vietnam Fine Arts Museum was officially inaugurated with a floor area of ​​4200m² and an exhibition area of ​​1200m². In 1997 - 1999, it was expanded with a total area of ​​4737m². The Museum's display system has been supplemented and adjusted many times to better fulfill its guiding purpose of preserving and honoring the nation's unique aesthetic values ​​and quintessence in art history. shaping Vietnam. The Vietnam Museum of Fine Arts currently stores over 18,000 domestic artifacts representing Vietnamese Fine Arts from prehistoric times to the present, shown through the following topics: Paintings of some famous Vietnamese artists are also displayed here. Men such as: Nguyen Gia Tri, To Ngoc Van, Tran Van Can, Nguyen Phan Chanh, Luong Xuan Nhi... To affirm the role of the Museum as a bridge connecting the past with the present as well as suggesting directions for the future. future of the country's fine arts, since 1997 and especially in 1999, the Museum has significantly expanded in terms of display area and number of artifacts and works on display. The museum also has innovation in the preservation and display of artifacts: The structure of the display content is more coherent and concise than before, focusing on the specificity of visual arts, eliminating thematic topics. overlaps with other museums, and combines displays along the chronological axis of art history, with displays by type and material: ceramics, lacquer paintings, oil paintings, silk. The Museum of Fine Arts also began implementing interior renovations and lighting solutions consistent with the characteristics of Vietnamese fine arts and moving towards international standards. In order to expand the introduction of Vietnamese fine arts to friends around the world and in the region, the Vietnam Museum of Fine Arts is promoting the posting of about 50 works on the internet and in the near future will increase the exchange activities of paintings and statues between our country. with your countries. This activity also poses for the Vietnam Museum of Fine Arts the problem of preserving and displaying world art works to enrich the country's art treasure.


Cultural and Tourism Village of Vietnamese Ethnic Groups

Location: Dong Mo village, Son Tay town, Hanoi. Characteristics: This is a place to introduce typical cultural and historical values ​​of Vietnamese ethnic groups.

The Vietnam Ethnic Culture and Tourism Village is built on a total area of ​​1,544 hectares, including 7 functional areas: ethnic villages, modern cultural and entertainment center, and heritage area. world culture, marina park, Dong Mo lake water surface green area, general tourism service area and office management area. With an area of ​​198.61 hectares, the ethnic villages area has a terrain consisting of hills, mountains, valleys, and lakes interwoven, traditional village models of ethnic minorities to recreate the natural and cultural scenery. 4 village clusters all over the country. In particular, cluster of ethnic villages I includes landscapes and typical cultural works of 28 ethnic groups in the Northeast, Northwest and North Central mountainous regions belonging to the Tay - Thai, Tibetan - Burmese, Mong - language families. Dao, Viet - Muong, Ka Dai. Cluster II of ethnic villages includes landscapes and typical cultural works of 18 ethnic groups in the South Central region and Central Highlands belonging to the Mon - Khmer and Austronesian language family. Cluster III of ethnic villages is the typical landscape and cultural works of ethnic groups residing in the semi-mountainous areas, plateaus, hills, and riverbanks of the Mon - Khmer and Austronesian (Cham) language systems. , Khmer, Cho ro, Chu Ru). Cluster IV of ethnic villages represents the landscape and typical cultural works of ethnic groups residing in semi-mountainous areas, hills, plains, coastal areas, river banks, towns, and quarries of the linguistic system. Chinese, Vietnamese - Muong (Kinh, Chinese, Ngai, San Diu). In ethnic villages, traditional cultural festivals such as the Northwest market, rain praying festival of the Cor ethnic group (Quang Nam), rice planting festival of the B'rau ethnic group (Kon Tum), Bay Nui bull racing festival (An Giang), Cai Rang floating market (Can Tho)... are recreated, an opportunity for visitors to enjoy the vibrant festival atmosphere, imbued with the cultural identity of each region and land. water. Currently, the ethnic villages area has been put into operation to serve tourists, the remaining 6 areas are in the process of construction and completion. A special thing about the Vietnam Ethnic Culture and Tourism Village is that when visitors come here, they will be directly introduced to the traditional beauties and traditions by ethnic "guides" who are cultural subjects themselves. guide to experience their cultural life.


Hanoi Opera House

Location: located at 1 Trang Tien street, Hoan Kiem district, Hanoi. Characteristics: This is one of the cultural centers of Hanoi capital, where cultural activities, art performances, music and dance, concerts, exchanges...




Vietnam Museum of Ethnology

Location: Nguyen Van Huyen Street, Cau Giay District, Hanoi City. Characteristics: The museum is a place to store documents and artifacts about the daily life, culture, customs and traditions of 54 Vietnamese ethnic groups.

The Vietnam Museum of Ethnology is located on a campus with an area of ​​more than 4 hectares, construction started at the end of 1987 and inaugurated in 1997. This is a project designed by architect Ha Duc Linh (civilian). Tay tribe) and French female architect Véronique Dollfus, including three main display areas: the display area in the Bronze Drum building, the outdoor display area and the Southeast Asia display area. The exhibition area in the Trong Dong building has an area of ​​2,500m² and includes 2 floors, divided into nine themes: general introduction; Vietnamese - Muong language group; Thai - Kadai group; Mong - Dao group; Han-Tibetan group; Mon - Khmer group; Austronesian group; Cham, Chinese, Khmer ethnic groups and exchange and integration between ethnic groups. The outdoor exhibition area introduces typical housing architectural styles of Vietnamese ethnic groups (Ede long house, Tay stilt house, Pomu wood-roofed house of the Mong people, tile-roofed house of the Kinh people, Gia-Rai tomb house, communal house of Ba-Na people, reported land house of Ha Nhi people...). The Southeast Asia exhibition area is dedicated to introducing an overview of the rich cultural landscape of the Southeast Asian peoples according to 5 themes: fabrics, daily life, social life, performing arts and religion. religion - belief. With 15,000 artifacts, 42,000 color films and photos, 2,190 positive films, 273 audio and music tapes, 373 video tapes and 25 CD-Rom discs, the Vietnam Museum of Ethnology is an attractive address for domestic and foreign tourists. Come to visit, research and experience the culture of Vietnamese ethnic groups. This is where handicraft performances and different types of folk culture of ethnic groups in Vietnam, Southeast Asia and other regions of the world are regularly held. The world's prestigious travel website TripAdvisor voted the Vietnam Museum of Ethnology ranked 4th among the 25 most attractive museums in Asia in 2014.


One Pillar Pagoda

Location: One Pillar Pagoda Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi. Characteristics: The pagoda has unique architecture, shaped like a stylized lotus rising from the water.

One Pillar Pagoda has the literal name Dien Huu (long lasting blessing) and was built in 1049 during the reign of King Ly Thai Tong. Legend has it that at that time, King Ly Thai Tong was old and had no sons, so the king often went to pagodas to pray. One night he dreamed that Guan Yin Buddha appeared on a lotus platform in a square lake west of Thang Long citadel, holding his son and giving it to the king. Not long after, the queen gave birth to a son. The king built the One Pillar Pagoda with the appearance as seen in the dream to worship Guan Yin Buddha. One Pillar Pagoda is a national pagoda, related to the founder of the Ly Dynasty, built near the Forbidden City area. Every month, on the full moon day, the king comes to pray for blessings. According to historical books, the pagoda was first built in 1049: "Dien Huu pagoda was built in the winter of October. Previously, the king had a dream of Guan Yin Buddha sitting on a lotus throne, leading the king to the throne. When he woke up, the king told his servant, Some people thought it was a bad omen. There was monk Thien Tue who advised the king to build a pagoda, erect a stone pillar in the middle of the ground, and make a lotus throne of Guan Yin Buddha as seen in his dream. Let the monks go around chanting sutras to pray for the house. The king lived a long time. That's why it was called Dien Huu pagoda (long lasting blessing). In 1070, in the spring of January of the 2nd year of Than Vo, the king wrote the word Buddha, 1 staff and 6 meters long, engraved on a stone slab. The second time of construction in 1105, the king renovated Dien Huu pagoda: "In the fall of September, two white-topped towers were built at Dien Huu pagoda... At that time, the king repaired the pagoda to be more beautiful than the old pagoda, and dug a lake called Lien Hoa Dai. is Linh Chieu lake. Outside the lake there is a carved corridor around it, outside the corridor a lake is dug. Bich Tri has a rainbow bridge to pass through. In front of the temple yard, a Bao Thap was built. Before entering the pagoda, there is a green stone pavilion 8 truong high (about 26m) in front of the pagoda gate. The pagoda is a majestic architectural cluster with unique ideas and beautiful aesthetics that was destroyed by the war and became overgrown during the Ming invasion. Through many ancient documents, it is said that the magical column was up to 20m high, including the Sung Dien Linh stele at Long Doi Nam Ha Pagoda written by Minister of War Nguyen Cong Bat, which described and meticulously recorded the further construction of the pagoda. One Pillar: "Opening the door of Dien Huu Pagoda in the west garden. Traces according to the scale of the past, taking care of the Holy Will today. Linh Chieu fragrant lake island, in the middle of the lake rises a stone pillar. On the stone pillar is a thousand lotus petals. wings spread out. On top of the flower is a dark red temple. Inside the temple is a golden statue, outside the lake is surrounded by a corridor. Outside the corridor is Bich Tri lake, with a curved bridge to walk around, in the front yard there are two bridges on the left He built a lapis lazuli stupa...".


Hundred Gian Pagoda

Location: Hundred Giant Pagoda is located in Tien Lu village, Tien Phuong commune, Chuong My district, Hanoi. Characteristics: The pagoda has 104 compartments and is a famous ancient pagoda in Vietnam.

The pagoda's literal name is Quang Nghiem Pagoda, established during the reign of King Ly Cao Tong, in the 10th Trinh Phu era (1185). During the Tran Dynasty, the pagoda was the place of study for monk Binh An, whose real name is Nguyen Lu, from Boi Khe. Legend has it that the monk was knowledgeable in the scriptures and had many miracles, so after his death, the villagers built a tower to preserve his remains and honored him as Holy Boi. The pagoda worships both Buddha and Saint Boi. Hundred Gian Pagoda is a unique architectural complex consisting of 104 compartments. The temple gate is built with two large pillars creating a path in the middle, on both sides are two walls connected to two small pillars. Stepping through the temple gate to get inside is a large campus with a clean tiled temple yard, two rows of hallways on both sides, the left hallway leads to the three-entrance gate and the bell tower, the right hallway leads to the house. Memorial board. In the middle is the ancient, solemn main hall. Three gates are located on the central axis of the Tam Bao area. Through the three temple gates, visitors will admire one of the ancient bell towers remaining today. It is a 2-story, 8-roofed attic building with railings running around all four sides. The wooden planks are carved with the shape of a flower that curves up like a giant fragrant lotus. Here hangs a bell 1.1 m high, 0.6 m diameter, cast in 1794. On the bell is an engraved poem by Phan Huy Ich. In the middle of the upper palace, there is a rectangular red terracotta pedestal, similar to the stone pedestals of the Tran Dynasty. On the pedestal is a lotus flower, surrounded by decorations of many animals, flowers, and four corners with images of sacred birds. On the platform are placed three-world Buddha statues. In addition, the courtyard behind the upper palace, in front of the rear hall, houses the Phuong communal house with both drums and gongs hanging, which is also a place for visitors to rest and admire the surrounding scenery. All the works in the two main and secondary areas are tied together in two religious and secular spaces, different but harmonious and unified throughout the hilltop. Currently, the pagoda still maintains a statue collection of 153 statues, most of which are made of wood, a few are made of terracotta, of which especially valuable are the statue of Tuyet Son, the statue of Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara and the statue of Admiral Dang Tien Dong, a general. leader of the Tay Son dynasty. In addition, the pagoda also has a statue of Saint Boi placed in a wooden coffin. This statue is made of rattan and covered with painted cloth. Legend has it that it is the statue of his remains. The Hundred Gian Pagoda Festival is held from the 4th to the 6th of the first lunar month every year to commemorate Saint Boi. During the festival, there is a holy palanquin procession, a vegetarian meal competition and a puppet show; In addition, there are fun games such as human chess, wrestling, water puppetry, fireworks... The pagoda has been recognized as a national historical site.


Truc Bach Lake

Location: located away from West Lake by Thanh Nien street, in Quan Thanh ward, Ba Dinh district, Hanoi. Characteristics: Truc Bach Lake along with West Lake have created a beautiful landscape for the capital Hanoi.

According to the book "Tay Ho Chi", Truc Bach lake dates back to the 17th century when the people of two villages Yen Hoa (now Yen Phu) and Yen Quang (now Quan Thanh street) built a dike to block the southeast corner of the lake. West to raise fish. During the reign of Lord Trinh Giang (1729 - 1740), the Lord took a plot of land south of the lake in Truc Yen village to build a palace as a retreat, called Truc Lam Vien. However, just a few years later, the palace became the main palace to detain guilty palace maids. The palace maids had to weave silk to make a living and the silk they wove was famous throughout the region, called "Bamboo village silk", or "Bamboo white". From there, the part of the lake separated from Truc Yen village is also called Truc Bach lake. In the second year of Chieu Thong (1788), King Le Chieu Thong had all of Lord Trinh's palace burned, and Truc Lam Vien was also burned to ashes. Most tourists coming to Hanoi visit Truc Bach Lake because there are many historical relics and unique architectural works around the lake. The southwest corner of the lake has Quan Thanh temple (Thanh Nien street) - one of Thang Long's four towns; On the east side, there is Than Quang Pagoda (Ngu Xa Street) and Chau Long Pagoda (Chau Long Street) built during the Tran Dynasty, where Princess Khiet Co - daughter of King Tran Nhan Tong (1279-1293) practiced. In the north, there is An Tri temple (Pho Duc Chinh street), worshiping Uy Do - a hero who led the people against the Yuan army; Located on a small island north of the lake, there is a stone stele recording the story of Cau Nhi temple. Around Truc Bach lake, many types of trees are planted, dotted with beautiful flower gardens and cool green lawns. Coming to Truc Bach Lake, visitors can sit and sip a cup of coffee at lakeside shops; Boating, duck-riding to admire the lake scenery or strolling on Thanh Nien street shaded with pink poincianas and purple magnolia trees to indulge in the lake water and wind.


Hanoi City

Area: 3,324.5 km² Population: 7,216.0 thousand people (2015) Districts: - 12 Districts: Hoan Kiem, Ba Dinh, Dong Da, Hai Ba Trung, Tay Ho, Thanh Xuan, Cau Giay, Long Bien, Hoang Mai, Ha Dong, South Tu Liem, North Tu Liem. - 1 town: Son Tay. - 17 districts: Dong Anh, Soc Son, Thanh Tri, Gia Lam (former Hanoi); Ba Vi, Chuong My, Dan Phuong, Hoai Duc, My Duc, Phu Xuyen, Phuc Tho, Quoc Oai, Thach That, Thanh Oai, Thuong Tin, Ung Hoa (formerly Ha Tay) and Me Linh (from Vinh Phuc). Ethnic groups: Viet (Kinh), Hoa, Muong, Tay, Dao... Hanoi is the Capital of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam.

Natural conditions Geographical location: Hanoi is located in the Northern Delta, adjacent to the provinces: Thai Nguyen and Vinh Phuc in the north; The south borders Ha Nam and Hoa Binh; The east borders the provinces of Bac Giang, Bac Ninh and Hung Yen; The west borders Hoa Binh and Phu Tho provinces. Hanoi is located on the right bank of the Da River and on both sides of the Red River, with a favorable location and terrain for a political, economic, cultural, scientific center and important transportation hub of Vietnam. Climate: Hanoi's climate is quite typical of the Northern climate with characteristics of a warm tropical monsoon climate, hot summers, lots of rain and cold winters, little rain. Located in the tropics, Hanoi receives abundant solar radiation all year round and has high temperatures. The average annual total radiation amount in Hanoi is 122.8 kcal/cm2 and the average annual air temperature is 23.6ºC. Due to the influence of the sea, Hanoi has quite a lot of humidity and rainfall. The average annual relative humidity is 79%. The average annual rainfall is 1,800mm and there are about 114 rainy days each year. The most obvious characteristic of Hanoi's climate is the change and difference between the hot and cold seasons. From May to September is the hot and rainy season. The average temperature this season is 29.2ºC. From November to March next year is winter with dry weather. Average winter temperature is 15.2ºC. Between those two seasons, there are two transition periods (April and October), so Hanoi has four seasons: Spring, Summer, Autumn, and Winter. The four changing seasons make Hanoi's weather have its own beauty. The most suitable tourist season in Hanoi is autumn. The terrain of Ha Tay (old) merged with Hanoi, with its own characteristics, forming climatic sub-regions: mountainous areas, hilly areas and plains. But in general, the difference in weather and temperature between localities in Hanoi is not large at present. Terrain: Hanoi has two main terrain types: plains and mountains. The plain terrain mainly belongs to the territory of old Hanoi and some eastern districts of (former) Ha Tay, accounting for about 3/4 of the natural area, located on the right bank of the Da River, both sides of the Red River and tributaries of other provinces. river. Most of the mountainous terrain is in the districts of Soc Son, Ba Vi, Quoc Oai, and My Duc. Some high mountain peaks such as: Ba Vi 1,281m; Gia De 707m; Bird's Foot 462m; Thanh Lanh 427m; Thien Tru 378m; Ba Tuong 334m; Soc Son 308m; Boc Mountain 245m; Duc Linh 294m... Rivers: Hanoi is located next to two large rivers in the North: Da River and Red River. The Red River is 1,183km long from Yunnan (China). The section of the Red River through Hanoi is 163km long (accounting for about 1/3 of the length in Vietnam, about 550km. In addition to two large rivers, in Hanoi there are also rivers: Duong, Cau, Ca Lo, Day, Nhue , Tich, To Lich, Kim Nguu, Bui. There are many lakes and lagoons in Hanoi. Famous lakes in the inner city of Hanoi such as West Lake, Truc Bach, Hoan Kiem, Thien Quang, Bay Mau. Dozens of lakes and lagoons in the territory of old Hanoi: Kim Lien lake, Lien Dam lake, Van Tri lagoon... and many large lakes in the territory of Ha Tay (old): Ngai Son - Dong Mo, Suoi Hai, Meo Gu, Xuan Khanh, Tuy Lai, Quan Son... Population According to data as of April 1, 1999, residents of Hanoi and Ha Tay (old) are mainly ethnic Vietnamese (Kinh) accounting for 99.1%; other ethnicities: Dao, Muong, Tay account for 0.9%. In 2006, also in Hanoi and Ha Tay (formerly), urban residents accounted for 41.1% and rural residents were 58.1%; the proportion of women accounting for 50.7% and men is 49.3%.The current average population density throughout the city is 1875 people/km2, agricultural residents are about 2.5 million people.Transportation From the capital Ha Inside, you can travel all over the country by all types of transportation conveniently. Air: Noi Bai international airport (located in Soc Son district, about 35km from Hanoi center). Gia Lam Airport, which was Hanoi's main airport before the 70s of the 20th century, is now a helipad serving flight services, including tourism services. Road: Inter-provincial passenger cars depart from Southern, Gia Lam, Luong Yen, Nuoc Ngam, My Dinh bus stations and spread to all regions of the country along National Highway 1A across North - South; National Highway 2 to Vinh Phuc, Phu Tho, Tuyen Quang, Ha Giang; National Highway 3 to Thai Nguyen and Cao Bang; National Highway 5 to Hai Phong, Quang Ninh; National Highway 6 to Hoa Binh, Son La, Lai Chau... Railway: Hanoi is the traffic hub of 5 domestic railway lines. There is an intermodal railway to Beijing (China) and many European countries. Waterway: Hanoi is an important traffic hub with Den Ferry port to Hung Yen, Nam Dinh, Thai Binh, Viet Tri; Ham Tu Quan wharf to Pha Lai. Culture - Tourism Hanoi currently has over 4,000 monuments and landscapes, of which over 1,000 monuments and landscapes are nationally ranked (hundreds of new monuments and landscapes were merged from Ha Tay and Me Linh) with hundreds of temples, pagodas, architectural works, and famous landscapes. Hanoi is a major tourist center in Vietnam. Visitors have the opportunity to explore many cultural and artistic architectural works built over many generations, during the process of building and defending the country. Beautiful and captivating natural landscapes; Craft villages have existed for hundreds of years; Traditional festivals - cultural products that crystallize many spiritual values... will be attractive tourism products. It was not Hanoi at the end of the 20th century that had so many favorable conditions, but a long time ago, from the day King Ly Thai To moved the capital from Hoa Lu (Ninh Binh) to Dai La to establish the capital Thang Long in July 2019. Canh Tuat (1010), in "Edict to move the capital", the king who enlightened the Ly dynasty (1010-1225) and also enlightened Thang Long - Hanoi pointed out.


Tram Pagoda

Location: Long Chau village, Phung Chau commune, Chuong My district, Hanoi. Characteristics: The pagoda's terrain is very beautiful with surrounding small mountains such as Ninh Son, Dong Lu, and Tien Lu.

Tram Pagoda, also known as Long Tien, was built in the 7th year of Canh Tri (1669), founded by a monk general. The pagoda is named after the mountain it is based on, "Tu Tram Mountain". This entire Agarwood mountain area was once the place where King Le and Lord Trinh placed their palaces to enjoy the beautiful scenery. Coming to Tram Pagoda, visitors will admire a pagoda bearing the mark of spiritual cultural architecture of the Northern Delta. One side leans against the mountain, in front of the vast lotus lake, surrounded by dense forest canopy... Tram Pagoda is small but has an ancient and profound beauty. That smallness, along with the large, flat yard in front and the surrounding giant trees, creates a space that is both peaceful and sacred and gives visitors a feeling of relaxation and comfort. The pagoda has been restored many times and currently still retains many Buddha statues in the 18th-19th century artistic style with elaborate and delicate carvings. In addition, visitors can visit the Mau Temple located halfway up the mountain, or three ancient towers recording the merits of Governor Hoang Trong Phu, Mrs. Le Thi Tho along with many Buddhist monks and nuns... Coming to Tram Pagoda, tourists You can also visit the place where President Ho Chi Minh read the call for national resistance through the Voice of Vietnam radio here in 1946. Tram Pagoda Festival is held on the second day of the second lunar month every year. People go to the ceremony to pray for favorable weather, good harvests, and a peaceful life. The ancient Tram Pagoda festival is rich in national culture with folk games: bamboo swings, water puppetry, Chinese chess, fat pole climbing, wrestling, cockfighting..., today there are also football and volleyball. The special thing is that on this festival, in gratitude to Uncle Ho, the villagers hold a procession to process Uncle Ho's photo, symbolizing that Uncle Ho will visit Tram Pagoda again.


Ngu Xa bronze casting village

Location: Located near Truc Bach lake, Ba Dinh district, Hanoi city. Characteristics: Ngu Xa Village is the birthplace of many extremely sophisticated brass products to meet the bronze consumption needs of ancient Thang Long citadel.




Dao Thuc water puppet village

Location: Thuy Lam commune, Dong Anh district, Hanoi Characteristics: where there is a famous water puppet show in the country

From Hanoi city center, follow Highway 3 to Dong Anh town center, turn right about 10km, visitors will reach Dao Thuc water puppet village. The founder of Dao Thuc water puppetry is Nguyen Dang Vinh, from Phuc Thiem, the last master under the reign of King Le Y Tong (1735-1740). While working as an "internal guard" in the court, he absorbed the art of water puppetry from puppet troupes performing to serve the king and court. Returning to the village, he established a small water puppet troupe and taught this art form to the villagers. To commemorate his merits, every year, on the 24th day of the second lunar month (the day of his death), villagers hold an incense offering ceremony to commemorate the death anniversary of the craft founder and perform water puppetry. In Dao Thuc water puppet village, the puppets were created by the villagers themselves in the image of characters in Vietnamese folk tales. Each puppet is usually about 30 - 40cm high, made of wood and covered with paint to make it waterproof. If in other puppet troupes, the puppets can only enter the game room by walking backwards or diagonally, then in Dao Thuc, the artisans can control the puppets left, right and enter the game room by moving. go back. To control the puppet, the artisans here use a wire pole machine that helps the puppet shake evenly and swing both hands. Each movement of the puppets is performed skillfully, in harmony with the dialogue, singing and the drum and guitar sounds of the artist. More than 20 scenes are recreated by artists in the plays. These are ancient puppet plays, originating from the farming work of agricultural residents such as plowing, cultivating rice, herding buffalo, fishing...; folk games such as swinging, singing and dancing, etc.; or ancient stories and legends of the nation such as Thach Sanh fighting Python Tinh... In recent years, artists of Dao Thuc water puppet village have also composed a number of new performances praising their homeland and country such as : "Giving flowers at the festival", "Processing Uncle Ho's image", "Hanoi 12 days and nights"... Dao Thuc Puppet Ward currently has more than 30 artists, most of whom are farmers, performing mainly during leisure time. . Many families and clans in the village have been practicing water puppetry for 5 generations. From previous generations to the next, they pass on to each other the secrets of the profession. And to stick with the profession, they overcome difficulties together and innovate together to suit the changing times. Coming to Dao Thuc water puppet village, visitors will not only have fun and relax with unique water puppet shows but also have the opportunity to enjoy smooth, passionate folk melodies and charming love songs. country soul. Over hundreds of years, Dao Thuc people still preserve water puppetry as a village treasure.


Hanoi Old Quarter

Location: Located right next to Hoan Kiem Lake, Hanoi Old Quarter includes 76 streets, defined by: the north is Hang Dau street; to the west is Phung Hung street; to the south are Hang Bong, Hang Gai, Cau Go and Hang Thung streets; To the east are Tran Quang Khai and Tran Nhat Duat streets. Characteristics: Hanoi's Old Quarter is a precious architectural heritage imbued with the nation's traditional cultural identity, a pride and worthy symbol of the soul of the Capital of thousands of years of civilization.

With a total area of ​​about 100 hectares, Hanoi Old Quarter was formed in the 11th century and has nearly a thousand years of history as a bustling commercial urban area, with a concentration of residents engaged in handicraft and industrial activities. trade, forming typical craft streets with distinct traditional features of urban and capital residents. Craftsmen from craft villages around the ancient capital of Thang Long gathered here, focusing on each area specializing in their craft, making the craft streets increasingly develop. Every street is noisy and bustling with trading and labor scenes like a miniature craft village. And the products being traded have become the names of the streets, with the word "Hang" in front such as Hang Gao, Hang Duong, Hang Muoi... That's why Vietnamese people are used to calling Hanoi Hanoi 36 streets with the meaning of ward. is a gathering place for people doing the same craft, selling the same items in the style of "trading with friends, selling with wards". Another characteristic of Hanoi's Old Quarter is the ancient house architecture with tube-shaped houses, tilted tile roofs, and shop fronts. These houses were mainly built in the 18th and 19th centuries. Hanoi people have skillfully arranged a system of rooms, mezzanines, and courtyards to meet the diverse needs of life. Thanks to that, although not large, each old house in Hanoi still has an area reserved for selling, making goods, worshiping, receiving guests, sleeping, getting cool air... Coming to Hanoi's Old Quarter, visitors, whether No matter how fastidious you are, you will still be attracted by the cultural values ​​contained in about 100 long-standing architectural works including communal houses, temples, pagodas, and assembly halls. A typical example of these historical and cultural relics is the Bach Ma temple on Hang Buom street, considered one of the four towns of Thang Long capital. Many foreigners who come to Hanoi's Old Quarter for the first time will feel a bit nervous when walking among the streets with similar names, lined with shops selling the same products, and double-digit restaurants. The side of the road is bustling with people coming in and out, or blending in with the flow of people and vehicles moving like crazy. But then that feeling gradually passed away, replaced by deep love when they realized that the lives of Hanoi people are bustling, full of vitality, constantly moving but also very poetic. They seem to be drawn into an endless land of dishes, from traditional dishes such as bun cha, pho, fish vermicelli... in small shops on the sidewalk to street vendors selling duck eggs, donuts, and vermicelli. snails, vermicelli with tofu and shrimp paste... Every weekend, when night falls, the Hang Dao - Dong Xuan walking street connecting with Dong Xuan night market has created a walking space in the old town at night nearly 3km long. . This has truly become an attractive tourist destination, exploiting the old town culture while creating conditions for tourists to explore Hanoi at night. Join the flow of pedestrians in the old town space and shop for souvenirs and consumer goods at the stalls set up in the new street to feel the appeal of the night market and the old town at night. Right next to the bustling rows of shops, people can still feel a quiet old town night through small houses nestled together, evoking a feeling of antiquity and nostalgia. Especially on every Saturday night, folk music activities such as Cheo singing, Xam singing, Ca Tru, Quan Ho... recreated by the Vietnam Musicians Association further enhance the ancient and unique features of the old town. Hanoi. Hanoi's Old Quarter with lovely small tube houses, busy streets, temples with soft curved roofs, unique spaces, sounds and flavors of dishes... All have created a beauty that only Hanoi has.


Tay Dang Communal House

Location: Tay Dang town, Ba Vi district, Hanoi, about 50km west of Hanoi center. Characteristics: The communal house is known as one of Vietnam's ancient communal houses with sculptural art reaching a masterful level.

Tay Dang communal house was built around the beginning of the 16th century, but today there are still some patterns left in the communal house from the 11th - 13th centuries, so it is assumed that Tay Dang communal house may have been built before the 16th century. The communal house worships Tan Vien, one of the four immortals of Vietnamese folk beliefs, one of the leading characters of ancient Vietnamese - Muong mythology. The communal house faces south. According to ancient beliefs, the direction of the communal house aims to promote Saint Tan Vien, considering him the spiritual king of the village, contributing to preserving a peaceful life for the people. Tay Dang communal house is a unique architectural work. The communal house has only one house in the style of "Nhat", no harem, and no offerings. The original construction materials were entirely made of jackfruit wood. During the later renovation process, some Truong Son ironwood was used. In front of the communal house is a large piece of land for community activities during the festival. Next is the semicircular lake placed right in front of the ceremonial gate pillar. This is a popular form of ritual gate in the 19th and early 20th centuries. At the same time, there were two buildings on the left and right, located on both sides of a large yard. The great communal house is built on a high rectangular foundation surrounded by stones. The communal house has 5 rooms and 4 roofs. Inside, the communal house is built in a pile-up style with 48 large and small columns, divided into 3 main rooms, 2 wings, and a surrounding porch. Tay Dang communal house has no planks and no surrounding walls, but only a system of pillars supporting the roof, creating an airy space filled with light. The communal house's columns are low, carved in the style of high and low autumn and low (small on top and big on the bottom), with a pair of roofs crossed by a square mark with a large bottom. Because the roof is made in the style of a gong stand with a fat, curved upper beam to focus force on the top of the column and create space for the leaf plank in the center. Tay Dang communal house attracts tourists not because of its beautiful natural scenery, nor because of its massive scale, but because of the art of sculpture and decoration left on the columns, trusses, beams, and rings. , dragon boards, wind leaves... Here, visitors can admire the wonderful talents of carpenters who have reached a skilled level. The ingenuity of the predecessors lies in the fact that all of the more than 1,300 wood-carved details in the pavilion do not overlap at all and are arranged very harmoniously, not as symmetrical as architectural details. in many other communal houses... The carvings at Tay Dang communal house are rich in folk culture, with themes that focus on human activities in Vietnamese villages in the 16th century such as rowing boats, carrying children, and chopping firewood. , dancing and singing... show the thinking and wisdom of ancient Vietnamese people about life and labor. Tay Dang Communal House has a layout rarely seen in Vietnamese architectural heritage: a decorative strip consisting of statues of smiling fairies in the mountains, connected by a patterned fringe placed under the roof; The fairies play the flute, the flute, the zither, the moon... The floral patterns include lotus flowers, chrysanthemums and swirling motifs, carved on the seven porches, very quintessential lines. The ends of the blades are curved and have terracotta dragons, cups, tortoises, and phoenixes attached; The beams, beams, rafters, and pillars all have intricate carvings. The most unique feature of Tay Dang communal house is the Tran Dynasty-style dragon carvings. Visiting Tay Dang, visitors can be attracted and fascinated by dozens or hundreds of dragon forms carved and chiseled into round statues, placed on boards and pillars, playing the role of heads and mountains. . No communal house or temple has ever had such a diverse and exquisite variety of dragon shapes. With unique carved architectural values, Tay Dang communal house is considered a museum of folk art of the 16th century.


National Convention Center

Location: located on Pham Hung - Tran Duy Hung intersection, 10 km southwest of Hanoi center. Characteristics: is considered one of the three largest convention centers in Southeast Asia today.

The National Convention Center is located on an area of ​​64 hectares. This is where major congresses and conferences of the Party, State, socio-political organizations, international conferences, political, social, economic, trade activities, and exhibitions are held. exhibition... has national and international significance. The National Convention Center is designed based on the idea of ​​the cultural heritage landscape of Ha Long Bay with a design plan called "Waves of the East Sea" designed by German expert, Dr. Meinhard Von Gerkar. This modern project has a 5-storey main building and 1 basement, started construction in November 2004 and completed in September 2006 in time to serve the 14th APEC Summit. In front of the building is a square of nearly 10,000m², harmoniously combining nature, flower gardens, green parks, lawns, climate-regulating lake systems and extremely convenient transportation. Surface parking lot and underground garage system with a capacity of nearly 1,100 cars of all types. The underground garage system alone can accommodate more than 500 vehicles. In addition, there is also a helipad and an outdoor stage system. In addition to the national grid system, there is also a backup power supply system and solar battery power to heat the entire building. According to experts here, the solar battery system ensures enough lighting in emergencies. Especially at the Center, all door systems are controlled automatically. The most notable point at the National Convention Center is the system of meeting rooms with a total area of ​​60,000m², very modern equipment, and high automation capabilities. The main meeting room is located on the 2nd floor of the building with an area of ​​4,256m² and a capacity of 3,800 seats. This is a modern and ultra-modern designed meeting room with a multi-function stage system that can automatically raise and lower. The sound equipment system here is diversely designed to meet the needs of seminars, entertainment sound, and modern stage lighting. This meeting room is equipped with up to 3 projector screens suitable for various types of art that can be changed as desired. The seats are equipped with digital mobile delegate boxes including gooseneck microphones and headphones. In particular, this meeting room can be divided into two separate spaces with an automatic partition system to meet the requirements for large and small conferences, music performances, dance, ballet and other activities. Other... The reception room is located on the first floor of the building with an area of ​​2,100m² and can be arranged in many ways such as: theater, classroom, buffet, sit-down party, round table. The stateroom has a large stage system to serve art performances. This stateroom can automatically be divided into two separate spaces. In addition to the main meeting room, stateroom, executive meeting room, and VIP room, the National Convention Center also has nearly 30 small meeting rooms, conference rooms, banquet rooms, and exhibition areas. The meeting rooms here are equipped with excellent equipment such as multi-channel conference audio and interpretation, LCD projectors, and synchronous projection screens. There are also auxiliary service systems such as banks, post offices, newspapers, tourism, restaurants, bars... In particular, the Press and Television Center here has 3 separate rooms for for television, radio and newspapers. This is a press center that is considered very modern, meeting international standards with full equipment to serve activities such as live television, ADSL transmission lines, and areas for reporters to use. to write news, broadcast news...


Bang Ta natural forest tourist area

Location: Bang Ta natural forest tourist area is located on a low hill, in Ba Vi district, Hanoi, 14km from Ao Vua tourist area and 3.8km from Suoi Hai lake. Characteristics: With a rich number of flora and fauna, Bang Ta is not only a simple tourist attraction but also a place to preserve and restore diverse ecosystems and research nature and wildlife.

Bang Ta is a primeval forest consisting of 4 layers of closed canopy trees. According to the results of the ecological and biological resources survey of the Vietnam Institute of Geography, there are 387 plant species belonging to 252 genera and 94 families of 4 higher plant phyla. Regarding animals in Bang Ta forest and surrounding areas, there are currently 13 species of animals belonging to 7 families, 4 typical orders such as mice, crows, civets, tree squirrels... Birds alone have 69 species of 37 family and 13 orders. Currently, the Bang Ta area has species of diving birds, cranes, kestrels, cranes, pigeons, cuckoos, lemongrass, woodpeckers, sparrows and butterflies... In the primeval forest, there are currently over 200 monkeys living. in herds... Coming to Bang Ta primeval forest, visitors can rent ox carts, ride horses or walk but are not allowed to use motorized vehicles. This is a very unique thing about this tourist area. In the future, this forest will be planted with more precious orchids such as royal orchids, Cymbidiums, Paphiopedilums..., and semi-naturally raise a number of animals such as deer, roe deer, wild boars, roe deer, etc. tigers, leopards, bears, primates... so that visitors can freely see and learn about the lives of wild animals. North of the forest is Long Lagoon, a vast lake converted into lotus ponds, creating an attractive natural landscape. Long Lagoon is the home of animals and reptiles such as hoes, cypresses, geckos, lizards, water snakes, king cobras... After visiting the primeval forest, visitors can Go boating around the lagoon, fishing or rowing boats to floating houses in the middle of the lagoon... Around the banks of Long lagoon are bamboo groves, where birds roost and nest. Coming to Bang Ta, visitors will have the opportunity to breathe fresh air, walk with beloved animals, enjoy specialties of the Ba Vi mountainous region or visit a village complex of the Muong ethnic group. with many stilt houses and lively cultural activities such as lighting campfires, drinking wine, listening to traditional music and dance... If someone wants to have a picnic, tents and instructions will be provided. Dedicated campsite and campfire. In this tourist area, a rural market is also built to serve as a place for ethnic cultural exchanges, brocade sales, and serving cultural and culinary specialties... From Bang Ta, visitors can easily Connect the tour with tourist attractions around the region such as Ao Vua tourist area, Ngoc Nhi stork garden, Suoi Hai lake...


Thong nhat park

Location: Surrounded by four streets Tran Nhan Tong, Le Duan, Dai Co Viet, Nguyen Dinh Chieu, Hanoi. Characteristics: With an area of ​​over 50 hectares, Thong Nhat Park is a beautiful natural landscape in the heart of Hanoi capital.




Van Nien Pagoda

Location: 364 Lac Long Quan, Xuan La Ward, Tay Ho District, Hanoi Characteristics: is an ancient site of Hanoi Capital




Son Dong fine arts village

Location: Son Dong Village, Hoai Duc District, Hanoi, about 20km northwest of the city center. Characteristics: In 2007, Son Dong handicraft village was recognized by the Vietnam Record Book as the largest craft village of Buddhist statues and worship objects in Vietnam.

The traditional profession of sculpting, carving statues from wood and making altar objects lacquered with gold and silver has existed for a long time in Son Dong. In 1983, Mr. Nguyen Duc Dau - a good artisan in Son Dong organized a class to learn wood carving and lacquer. Currently, of the 34 students of that class, some are good workers and some are teachers who continue to teach the profession to young people in the village and commune. Products of Son Dong handicraft village specialize in statues and worship objects painted in gold and silver, serving the cultural, spiritual and religious life of the people. Wooden statues of Son Dong have certain specifications and proportions between parts, so the statues are very balanced and have their own unique features. The special thing is that no matter what worship statue the customer orders, the Son Dong craftsmen can make it immediately without the need for a pre-existing model. From jackfruit wood trunks, through the skillful and talented hands of Son Dong workers, statues are formed that seem to have souls and become extremely lively. To do that, the worker must have experience, knowledge of Buddhist culture, spiritual culture, understand the legends, personality, and position of each statue in the mind. Coming to Son Dong today, visitors will be able to witness firsthand the process of making statues and immerse themselves in the village music with the clicking sound of chisels and saws echoing throughout the alleys. In 2008, the People's Committee of Ha Tay province (now Hanoi) approved the planning project to develop Son Dong traditional craft village combined with tourism until 2010, with an orientation to 2020. According to the project, this will be a village The craft harmoniously combines modern production with traditional beauty contained in each statue, couplet, and horizontal diaphragm.


Dong Mo tourist area

Location: Dong Mo tourist area is located in TX. Son Tay, Hanoi. Characteristics: It is an ideal resort for rest and convalescence for tourists.




Ba Dinh square

Location: Ba Dinh District, Hanoi City. Characteristics: Ba Dinh Square is where important events of the country take place.

Ba Dinh Square was originally the western gate area of ​​Hanoi's ancient citadel. The west of Ba Dinh Square borders President Ho's Mausoleum, the north borders the Central Office of the Communist Party of Vietnam, the east borders Ba Dinh Hall, where meetings of the National Assembly, the Party Central Committee and other meetings take place. or a big rally. In particular, in the northwest corner of the Square is the Presidential Palace and in the southeast corner is the headquarters of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Ba Dinh Square is currently the largest square in Vietnam, 320m long, more than 100m wide, enough room for 200,000 people to attend rallies. The square has 240 squares of green four-season grass, representing mats spread on communal courtyards in ancient Vietnamese villages. In the center of the square is a 30m high flagpole. This is where many important events of the country are witnessed. Previously, in 1894, when occupying Hanoi, the French colonialists destroyed the citadel, Ba Dinh Square at that time was just a wasteland and newly leveled lakes and ponds covering dozens of hectares next to the French Governor General's Palace. The French built a small flower garden and this area was called Round Square or Pugininer Square (name of a French Priest). The August Revolution of 1945 was successful, the Round Square was named Ba Dinh Flower Garden or Ba Dinh Square to commemorate the uprising against the French by the insurgents Pham Banh and Dinh Cong Trang at the end of the 19th century, in the Ba region. Communal house, Nga Son district, Thanh Hoa. After that, Ba Dinh Square was chosen by Uncle Ho as the place to hold the Declaration of Independence ceremony on September 2, 1945. Here, tens of thousands of people in the capital Hanoi listened to President Ho Chi Minh read the "Declaration of Independence", declaring before the entire nation and the world the birth of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam. , the first people's democratic state in Southeast Asia. After that, Ba Dinh Square was also called Independence Square. During the French temporary occupation of Hanoi (1947-1954), the French Governor General's Office renamed the square as Rose Garden. In 1954, our troops took over the capital and the place was returned to the name Ba Dinh Square; Besides, the Governor General's Palace became the Presidential Palace. On September 9, 1969, seven days after President Ho's death, his memorial service was solemnly held at the historic Ba Dinh Square. Tens of thousands of people from the capital and localities along with 34 international delegations came here to attend the ceremony. Not long after that, our Party and State decided to choose Ba Dinh Square as his eternal resting place and decided to build President Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum. Ba Dinh Square is also the place to witness the rally of 400 thousand people on September 2, 1975 to celebrate the unification of the country with an extremely solemn parade of the armed forces and people of the capital. Over the years, historic Ba Dinh Square has also been a place frequently chosen to organize large historical rallies and celebrations of the country. In particular, on October 10, 2010, on the occasion of the 1000th anniversary of Thang Long - Hanoi, Ba Dinh Square was the place for a large-scale rally, military parade, and parade. Besides the old architecture, a number of buildings were built around the Ba Dinh Square area: Ba Dinh Hall (completed in 1963) and currently being rebuilt, Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum (completed in 1975), Ho Chi Minh Museum (completed in 1990), Memorial of Martyrs who died for the Fatherland (completed in 1994). In addition to the large works above, in the architectural complex in Ba Dinh Square, there are some very important and meaningful works such as the One Pillar Pagoda and the Presidential Palace relics. These works have contributed to making the architectural complex of Ba Dinh Square area especially important. With the discovery of Thang Long Imperial Citadel right near Ba Dinh Square, this area becomes more sacred and valuable than ever. Through many historical events, Ba Dinh Square has become a close and sacred name, becoming the pride of the people of the capital and the people of the whole country; It is also a place that every Vietnamese person and international visitor hopes to visit once.


Dong Mo golf course

Location: Dong Mo international golf course is located in the tourist area of ​​King Island - Dong Mo, Tx. Son Tay, Hanoi. Characteristics: This is the first 36-hole international standard golf course in the north of Vietnam, one of the golf courses with the most beautiful landscapes in Southeast Asia, built on an area of ​​350 hectares of ground and 1,500 hectares of lake surface with The magical undulating mountainous landscape along the banks of Dong Mo Lake gives the golf course a beautiful location. Dong Mo golf course is owned and managed by King Valley Company Limited.




Ho chi minh museum

Location: No. 3 Ngoc Ha, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi. Characteristics: Preserving artifacts and images, reflecting the life and career of President Ho.

Ho Chi Minh Museum is located near Ba Dinh square, behind President Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum, the main side facing Hung Vuong street, 260m from Hung Vuong street. The project was inaugurated on May 19, 1990, right on the occasion of the 100th birthday anniversary of President Ho Chi Minh. The museum, along with President Ho Chi Minh's Palace and the Presidential Palace relics, forms an architectural, historical and cultural complex commemorating the beloved leader of the Vietnamese people, outstanding soldier of the movement. national liberation, communist and international workers' movements. This is a 20.5m high building with 4 floors with a total usable area of ​​10,000m². The project is designed like a blooming lotus flower, symbolizing the noble and pure qualities of President Ho Chi Minh. Ho Chi Minh Museum has a warehouse to preserve artifacts to ensure all technical conditions, and has a display floor. , exhibition space. The museum also has a thematic library serving research on President Ho Chi Minh, a 400-seat hall for meetings and screening of documentaries about Uncle Ho. The Museum's display area is nearly 4,000 square meters wide, introducing more than 100,000 original artifacts and images reflecting the life and career of President Ho Chi Minh, associated with important historical events of Vietnam and the world since the end of 2009. 19th century to present. The exhibition floor includes 3 main spaces: the solemn space, the biographical display and the display of expanded topics. (opening space) is the center of the building, solemn and simple. Here there is a full-body bronze statue of President Ho Chi Minh in a standing position with his hands raised as if greeting everyone who comes to visit. The statue is 3.5m high, placed on a 60cm high pedestal. On the wall behind the statue are bas-reliefs, depicting the historical and cultural traditions of the Vietnamese people. From the solemn space, turn right and we will visit President Ho Chi Minh. The opening of the biographical display is a carved wooden screen, with artistic images representing President Ho Chi Minh's saying "Hung Kings have contributed to building the country". Symmetrical across the solemn space is the second screen expressing the thought "We must protect the country together". The biography part is a unified whole including: Biographical belt and image space complexes. Displaying documents and artifacts reflecting the life and revolutionary career of President Ho Chi Minh, including 9 topics: (1890-1910) introducing President Ho Chi Minh's hometown, family and childhood . (1911-1920) introduces President Ho Chi Minh's path through many countries, his life and the process of researching and studying to find a path to national liberation. (1920-1924) introduces President Ho Chi Minh's international activities in France and the Soviet Union, and his theoretical contributions on national and colonial issues. (1924-1930) introduces the merits of spreading Marxism-Leninism, President Ho Chi Minh's activities in preparing political ideology and organization to establish a political party of the Vietnamese working class. (1930-1945) introduces President Ho Chi Minh's activities in building and training the Communist Party of Vietnam, founding the Viet Minh front and the Vietnam propaganda liberation army, and directly leading the successful revolution. August 1945, founded the first people's democratic state in Southeast Asia. The theme also introduces the arduous life of President Ho Chi Minh when he was imprisoned in the British imperial prison in Hong Kong and the Kuomintang prison in Guangxi. (1945-1954) introduces the activities of President Ho Chi Minh and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam, through correct and ingenious strategies, building and consolidating the young government, then leading the people. Vietnam waged a heroic and just resistance against the French colonialists. (1954-1969) introduces President Ho Chi Minh's activities in many aspects while simultaneously building the North, fighting to liberate the South, unifying the country, building solidarity, friendship and cooperation with socialist countries. brotherhood and world friendship. ended with a painful event: days when the whole country mourned President Ho Chi Minh and the world shared the grief with our people. with the thought of President Ho Chi Minh living forever in the cause of the Vietnamese people, introducing the revolutionary cause of the Vietnamese people according to the sacred teachings of President Ho Chi Minh: "fight for the Americans to go away, fight for the fall into disguise", liberate the South, unify the country, North and South reunite, together "unite and strive to build a peaceful, unified, independent, democratic and strong Vietnam". According to the biography belt, people can also watch 8 historical documentaries introducing vivid images of President Ho Chi Minh's activities. At the end of each theme are artistic symbols that prompt viewers to reflect on the meaning of each historical period, which are also points that mark important milestones in the life of President Ho Chi Minh and his way of life. Vietnamese revolution: finding a way to save the country in 1920, the Communist Party was born in 1930, the country became independent in 1945, the glorious Dien Bien Phu victory in 1954, the painful days in 1969, the liberation of the South in 1975. is an inseparable part of the biographical display. During the tour, we encounter 6 symbolic space complexes: President Ho Chi Minh's homeland - Nghe Tinh Soviet Union - Revolutionary land (Pac Bo) - Fighting land (1945-1954) - Tang ceremony (1969) - Vietnam was unified. On the exhibition floor there are also (referred to as topics) these topics are displayed in 8 rooms surrounding the back of the biographical belt with the following content: The situation of the world and Vietnam from the mid-19th century to the early 20th century The meaning of the great October Revolution and its influence on the Vietnamese revolution. The struggle against fascism. The formation and development of the world socialist system. Vietnam in the struggle for peace, national independence and social progress. President Ho Chi Minh with the world revolutionary movement There are also 2 topical topics: Uncle Ho with the young generation Vietnam today Since its inauguration, the Museum has welcomed millions of domestic and foreign visitors. countries to visit, research and study. With the functions and tasks of a cultural institution, the Ho Chi Minh Museum has become a center for research and introduction to the life of a great man of the 20th century, a man who devoted his entire life to the cause of national liberation, social liberation and human liberation; a complete person in thought, ethics and style, living a noble and compassionate life.


Hau Lau

Location: Located behind Kinh Thien Palace in the Central Relic Area of ​​Thang Long Imperial Citadel - Hanoi, on Hoang Dieu Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi. Characteristics: Hau Lau has an architectural style that is a cross between Eastern and Western architecture

Hau Lau was built in the north of the palace with the purpose of guarding and creating peace (according to feng shui), so it is also called Tinh Bac Lau or Hau Lau (rear floor). The floor is also known as the Princess floor because this is the resting place of the beautiful concubines in the group escorting King Nguyen to the North Palace. During the French bombardment of Hanoi Citadel, Hau Lau was ruined, then rebuilt by the French as a garrison for the French army. Therefore, the current Hau Lau architecture is a blend of Vietnamese royal architecture and 18th-century French architecture. The most characteristic feature of French architecture in Hau Lau is the thickness of the walls, making the rooms always cool in summer and warm in winter. Meanwhile, the style of Vietnamese royal architecture is reflected in the architecture of the building and many bas-reliefs embossed on the walls, depicting musical instruments, bronze tops, dragons, phoenixes and four types of trees representing four season in a year. It is this East-West architectural interference that has created a very unique feature for Hau Lau. Currently, Hau Lau is being used as a place to display a few archaeological artifacts found in the surrounding area as well as images of Hanoi through several historical periods.


Thac Da eco-tourism area

Location: Thac Da eco-tourism area is located in Muong Chau village, Van Hoa commune, Ba Vi district, Hanoi. Characteristics: Located in the famous tourist complex of Ao Vua, Suoi Mo, Suoi Hai, Thac Da covers 100 hectares close to the foot of Ba Vi mountain with majestic wild natural scenery, bearing historical marks as well as cultural features. traditionalization.

Da Waterfall is about 60km west of Hanoi city center, is a very convenient and ideal tourist destination for a weekend break after hard working days. Coming to Thac Da, visitors will feel the new features here compared to other tourist areas. A truly fascinating, pristine landscape, cleverly exploited by human hands, makes visitors feel like they are going back in time and living in a tribe of ancient Vietnamese people, in the ancient victory of Ba Trung. , Ba Trieu... Visitors will also enjoy the fresh air on the top of the mountain 1,281m above sea level in the Ba Vi mountain region, and stay in the lovely stilt houses of the Thai ethnic group with Surrounded by green trees and cool, elegant streams will make visitors forget the fatigue of everyday life to enjoy the blessings of nature. The bars are very unique in the style of stilt houses for tourists to stop at. Here, visitors can sit on beautiful wooden chairs made from tree trunks or rattan, admiring the dreamy surrounding scenery. The swimming pool area, fishing lake at the foot of the mountain, sports playground, fruit garden, unique ethnic dishes... will leave visitors with unforgettable impressions. From the stilt house, the tour guide will take visitors to Thac Da, the largest waterfall in this area. The road to Thac Da is winding and winding. Before arriving at the majestic Da Waterfall, tourists will visit Khe Can, Doc Mong Waterfall and May Waterfall. It is called Khe Can because the stream is dry all year round, showing off shiny white pebbles, sparkling in the sunlight. When coming to Thac Da, visitors will have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the warm festive atmosphere of ethnic minorities, get drunk on the wine of the flickering campfire at night, and have fun in the traditional bamboo dances and Xoe dances of the ethnic minorities. Thailander; Seong Tien dance of the Muong people; Bell dancing of the Dao people; The song "leaf trumpet calling the lover" of the H'Mong people or the song "Happy New Year" of the Tay people... Visitors can get an overview of the basic characteristics of the cultural identity of many ethnic groups. children through cultural practices, costumes or musical heritage.


Perfume Pagoda Festival

Time: January 6th to the end of the third lunar month. Location: Huong Son commune, My Duc district, Hanoi. Objects of worship: Guanyin Buddha Characteristics: Dragon dance, swimming.

Perfume Pagoda Festival lasts from January 6 to the end of the third lunar month. Tourists can travel by road following the itinerary: Ha Dong - Van Dinh - Huong Son or from Phu Ly town up the Day River to Ben Duc - Yen Vi - Huong Son. According to the consciousness of Vietnamese people, Huong Son is considered a Buddha land. Huong Pagoda is a place to worship Guanyin Buddha. January 6 is the opening day of the festival, with dragon dances held at Trinh temple yard and dragon dancing boat rides on Yen stream. The festival spreads over 3 routes, Huong Tich route, Tuyet Son route and Long Van route. The largest pagoda festival is from February 15 to 20 (main festival). The mountain road from Ngoai pagoda to Trong pagoda is always busy with groups of people going up and down. Visiting Huong Pagoda festival is not only to worship Buddha, but also to have the opportunity to enjoy the beautiful scenery of countless rivers and mountains, and to have the opportunity to recognize many unique large and small works of Huong Son relics that have become cultural heritage. of the nation.


Dam Sen water park

Location: 03 Hoa Binh, Ward 3, District 11, City. HCM Phone: (84-8) 38588418; Fax: 38588419 Features: Dam Sen Water Park is equipped with a system of very modern water play equipment, harmoniously placed in a green Oriental landscape garden. 3 hectares right in the heart of the city is an ideal entertainment place for you and your family.

Located in the Dam Sen entertainment service complex, Dam Sen water park with 26 types of unique water game equipment and a 3,000m2 wave pool located under cool green forest is an entertainment destination. Ideal for you and your family after stressful days of work and study. Coming to Dam Sen water park, you will immediately feel a green oasis in the heart of the city. Take a deep breath to enjoy the fresh air of poetic nature and then immerse yourself in the undulating ocean waves that caress you. Do young people like to conquer heights? You will be challenged with thrilling games such as: 19m high speed slide, or you will become Tarzan in the game's film set, and those who prefer softer, more thrilling games can Float around the 400m long river or truly relax amidst the green nature. And there are many other exciting games waiting for you to explore and conquer. To bring visitors many new feelings in recent years, the park has always invested in and upgraded many new games such as: 20m high, 119m long super speed slide; triple inflatable slide with unique sound and light effects, carpet slide with 4 slides so you and your family can compete to see who can slide the fastest; 12m high slide with 3 unique twists. In particular, in the summer of 2006, the park opened a completely new game with a slide for the first time, which will certainly bring visitors many especially interesting feelings. When you come to the park, you will feel secure when participating in the park's games because there is always a professional rescue team ready to support and take care of you. In addition, the park also has a system of fast food stalls and a 400-seat restaurant with rich, attractively prepared menus always ready to serve you.


Giac Lam Pagoda

Location: 565 Lac Long Quan, Tan Binh District, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: This is one of the oldest pagodas in the city. Ho Chi Minh and is the ancestral temple of the Lam Te Tong Zen sect in the South.

In 1744, layperson Ly Thuy Long (Chinese origin) raised money to build a pagoda on Cam Son mound, named Son Can, later changed to Cam Son. In 1774, Zen master Vien Quang of the Zen Lam Te Tong sect became abbot at the pagoda and changed the pagoda's name to Giac Lam. During this period, the pagoda became the first training center for sutras and precepts for monks in Gia Dinh and the South. In 1873, the pagoda was also a place to print and copy scriptures, engrave wooden copies of scriptures and laws, and recite some Buddhist scriptures. After many restorations, the current architecture of Giac Lam Pagoda is imbued with the style of an ancient Southern pagoda with a triangular plan, including 3 items: main hall, lecture hall and groom's house. In particular, the main hall consists of 1 room and 2 wings, with architecture in the style of a traditional folk house with a system of large columns engraved with parallel sentences and painted with gilded vermilion. Interspersed between the rows of columns are hammock doors carved on the theme of four sacred animals, four precious animals, flowers and birds... In the main hall are placed 113 Buddha statues made of bronze and precious wood. In particular, the set of wooden statues of the Eighteen Arhats, lacquered and gilded, is a testament to the development of Buddhism in the South. The pagoda also has a statue of Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva under the shade of a Bodhi tree in the pagoda yard. This Bodhi tree was brought by Venerable Narada from Sri Lanka to the Vietnam Buddhist Sangha in 1953. Located in front of the main hall of the pagoda is the Treasured Relic Tower - where the Buddha Relics are located - a hexagonal shape 32m high, with 7 floors. The pagoda grounds also have 38 tomb towers of Patriarchs and monks built in the 19th century. The carvings on the pagoda walls and tower tombs were all ordered from Binh Duong ceramic kilns in the period 1939 - 1945. Art The decorations on the towers have a style combining the cultures of the ethnic groups in the South with Chinese, Indian, and French cultures. Giac Lam Pagoda was recognized as a national historical-cultural relic in 1988.


Linh Son Pagoda

Location: 149 Co Giang, District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: About two hundred years ago, this place was a temple worshiping Linh Son Thanh Mau. By the end of the 19th century, Buddhists and local people built this place into a small temple.




Independence Palace

Location: 106 Nguyen Du, District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: Previously, in 1873, on this land was a villa called Norodom Palace - the palace of the governor general of Indochina in Saigon.




Ho Chi Minh City Theater

Location: 7 Lam Son Square, District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: The theater is the only project in the city. Ho Chi Minh is roofed with black stone tiles.

The theater was built in 3 years (1898 - 1900) according to flamboyant gothic architecture, a very popular architectural style in France at the end of the 19th century with artistic patterns and reliefs. decoration of the Palais Petit museum and theaters in Paris. Construction materials, patterns, and decorative reliefs of the theater were all brought from France. This is a typical cultural project with the largest investment in Saigon during the French colonial period. With a ground floor, two floors, modern sound and lighting systems..., the theater became a center for singing, concerts and musicals exclusively for the French elite at that time. In 1944, during the war against fascist Japan, Allied aircraft bombed the theater, causing damage. In 1955, the theater was repaired to serve as the headquarters of the National Assembly (later changed to the House of Representatives) of the Republic of Vietnam government. After April 30, 1975, the theater returned to full function. In 1998, on the occasion of the 300th anniversary of the founding of the city. Ho Chi Minh City, the city government has restored and restored the theater's facade as originally designed. From late 2007 to 2009, the theater renovated some architecture (roof tiles, floor tiles, sculptures) and upgraded the seating, lighting, and sound systems. Currently, the theater is the venue for traditional Vietnamese music and theater events, Western classical music and major events. On March 29, 2012, the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism issued a decision to recognize the theater as a national architectural and artistic relic.


Binh Quoi tourist village

Location: Binh Quoi Tourist Village is located on Thanh Da peninsula on the banks of the Saigon River, 8km from the center of Ho Chi Minh City. Characteristics: With unique river landscape, this is the largest integrated tourist area in Ho Chi Minh City.

There are 55 bedrooms with modern equipment, hidden under shady trees along the river. The restaurant here is a reliable address for parties and receptions and is very famous for its grilled dishes and Vietnamese specialties. Every night at the tourist area there are unique ethnic music programs: "Ky Yen festival", "Southern amateur music on Ghe Hau", "Vietnamese traditional wedding", ethnic music... These cultural shows have attracted a large number of domestic and foreign tourists to watch. Here, visitors can also participate in windsurfing, fishing, tennis, swimming, and many other sports. From Binh Quoi, visitors can cruise along the Saigon River to visit Ben Duoc Tunnels, Lai Thieu Fruit Garden or go to Nha Rong Harbor...


Cu Chi Tunnels

Location: Cu Chi District, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: The tunnel is a transformative and creative map of the army and people of Cu Chi with a total length of hundreds of kilometers spreading many branches like a spider web in the ground.

In 1948, to avoid raids by the French colonialists as well as to hide revolutionary cadres, documents and weapons, people in Tan Phu Trung and Phuoc Vinh An communes (Cu Chi district) dug tunnels. , short tunnel in laterite clay area because of its durability, avoiding landslides. After that, tunneling was expanded to other communes. From 1961 to 1967, in order to promote guerrilla warfare and fight against the fierce raids and raids of the US - Puppet, the people of Cu Chi district communes connected tunnels and tunnels into a main road, called is the "backbone" road and then dig more branch tunnels connected to the "backbone" road to form a continuous tunnel system. Using only very rudimentary tools, the army and people of Cu Chi have created 250km of vertical and horizontal underground tunnels, connecting communes and hamlets together, with tunnels leading to the Saigon River, to prevent critical situations. can cross the river to the Ben Cat base area (Binh Duong). The tunnels are also equipped with stoppers to prevent chemical toxins, vents protruding from the ground for air, disguised as extruded termite mounds above. The tunnel entrances and exits are designed as very flexible sniper gun emplacements, surrounded by trenches, fighting emplacements, bunkers, nail pits, anti-tank mine pits and anti-aircraft cluster bomb launchers. promotion. The tunnel has a depth of 3-10m, consisting of 3 floors. The first floor is 3m above the ground, can withstand the destructive power of bullets, artillery, and the weight of armored tanks. The second floor is 5m above the ground and can withstand the destructive power of small bombs. The 3rd floor, 8 to 10 meters above the ground, is a safe shelter. The up and down space between floors has a secret hatch. Inside the tunnel is arranged like a miniature village with a medical clinic; Hoang Cam kitchen (stove hiding smoke in the ground); Underground wells provide drinking water for the entire tunnel system; weapons, food, and water storage area; meeting area; nursing area for wounded soldiers; shelter; movie theater... Since 1968, the enemy has continuously launched fierce raids to attack Cu Chi. However, the tunnel system was still reinforced and became a gathering place for the army corps and main units to liberate Saigon, successfully ending the resistance war against the US on April 30, 1975. . Cu Chi Tunnels are preserved in two locations: Ben Duoc Tunnels (formerly the base of the Regional Party Committee, Command of the Saigon - Cho Lon - Gia Dinh Military Region) in Phu Hiep hamlet, Phu My Hung commune and the Cu Chi tunnels. Ben Dinh parish (formerly the base of Cu Chi district Party Committee) in Ben Dinh hamlet, Nhuan Duc commune. When visiting this land known as "the land of steel and bronze", visitors will see the tour guides wearing war-like clothes (men wear liberation clothes, duck-eared hats; women wear black ba ba shirts, wear a bandana and sandals) and have the opportunity to experience life in the tunnels like real residents in the past. Ben Duoc and Ben Dinh tunnels were recognized as national historical and cultural relics in 1979 and 2004.


Vinh Nghiem Pagoda

Location: 339NamKy Khoi Nghia, District 3, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: This is one of the typical works of Vietnamese Buddhist architecture in the 20th century, a place of study for Buddhists at the City Basic School of Buddhist Studies. Ho Chi Minh.

Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was built in 1964 by two monks Thich Thanh Kiem and Thich Tam Giac who spread Buddhism from the North to the South on a low land area next to Thi Nghe canal with an area of ​​about 6,000m². The project was completed in 1971, bearing the architectural style of Vinh Nghiem Pagoda in Duc La village, Tri Yen canton, Lang Giang district, Bac Giang province (now Duc La village, Tri Yen commune, Yen Dung district, Bac Giang province). Giang). The pagoda's architecture is public-shaped, including a three-entrance gate with a curved red tile roof and a central building. The central building has two floors. The ground floor includes the Patriarch's church, lecture hall, office, library, monk's room... From here, there are three wide stairs leading to the terrace and Buddha hall. On the right corner of the terrace there is a bell tower, inside hangs a 1.8m diameter large persimmon given by Taoist Buddhists in Japan in 1969 to pray for Vietnam's soon peace. The Buddha Hall has ancient Northern pagoda-style architecture with curved roof corners overlapping 2 layers. In the middle of the roof of the Buddha hall is a Dharma wheel, the corners are shaped like phoenix heads. The Buddha hall includes the Bai hall worshiping Shakyamuni Buddha (in the middle), Bodhisattva Manjushri (left) and Samantabhadra Bodhisattva (right), the Ban hall worshiping Amitabha Buddha and the Ksitigarbha hall worshiping Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Slap. On the incense burners at Bai Dien, there are reliefs carving famous pagodas in the country and some Asian countries. On the porch on both sides of the entrance to the Temple, each side places a large Vajra statue. Located on the left of the central building of Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is the square Avalokiteśvara Tower, 35m high, with 7 floors, on top there are 9 wheels and round shapes called Long Xa and Quy Chau. This is one of the most massive stupas of Vietnamese Buddhism. In the temple grounds, there is also Vinh Nghiem stone tower worshiping Venerable Thich Thanh Kiem, 14m high, 7 floors, made from 80m³ of Thanh Hoa stone and carved according to the Pen tower model (Hanoi). This is the largest and tallest stone tower in Vietnam (as of 2013). Vinh Nghiem Pagoda also has a Phuong Truong area consisting of an L-shaped row of houses (surrounding the lotus pond) for visitors to rest and a monks' sanctuary for worshiping.


Suoi Tien tourist area

Location: Hanoi Highway, Tan Phu Ward, District 9, City. Ho Chi Minh City Characteristics: Suoi Tien Cultural Tourist Area is located at the Northeast gateway of Saigon, built and renovated with the purpose of combining tourism with education on culture, history, and national roots. It is an S-shaped hill land, 200,000 square meters wide, in the middle there is a stream with many underground water circuits running through the entire 2,000 meter length.

Suoi Tien includes 12 main areas, with an investment capital of 50 billion VND. Every year, Suoi Tien welcomes 1.5 - 2 million visitors. The unique feature of Suoi Tien is its historical and legendary nature. The model clusters here are inspired by national legends and myths and Eastern mysticism. With the dream of peace, prosperity, and prosperity, the designers built Suoi Tien into 4 lands according to the legend of the four spirits: Long, Lan, Qui, Phung, each land corresponding to 1 element in the five elements. : metal, wood, water, fire with earth as the center. The poetic beauty harmoniously and skillfully combined between nature and man-made, between ancient architecture and modern architecture, and the fresh air here has made Suoi Tien truly become an attractive resting and entertainment area. from city residents as well as tourists from far away. Kim Long Tho is the world of myths and fairy tales. Crossing Tu Linh Bridge, visitors will immediately meet a giant 400m long Dragon. The underground aquarium displays more than 500 species of marine life with a variety of vivid colors. Following the Dragon's belly takes visitors to the hidden water Long Quy, reminiscent of the legend of the golden turtle offering a treasured sword to King Le. The Dragon's Tail is Au Lac Hill - where Lac Long Quan and Au Co met, Long Quan and Au Co got married and gave birth to a clutch of hundreds of eggs that hatched into hundreds of children, the pride of the Vietnamese people's lineage of Dragons and Fairies. After that, visitors will go to Thien Island, where the ancestors and national heroes who have built and defended the country are commemorated. Going to Long Hoa Island, you will see the Fairies gathering, here there is also the legend of the Dien Hong Conference in the Tran Dynasty. Crossing the "O Thuoc" bridge, visitors will come to Fairy Island - the meeting place of the couple Nguu Lang - Chuc Nu. Moc Lan Tho Moc Lan Tho is a land located near the main gate, facing north. Through the Fairy Gate, visitors seem to enter a majestic primeval forest. Located next to the stream are Kieu Bridge, Fairy Well, Prehistoric Cave, Nine Stream Waterfall, and Temple of Avalokiteśvara Bodhisattva. A miniature wild world, coming here we will have extremely refreshing and peaceful moments. Next to it is the Magic Frog stage, a symbol of luck. Visitors can stop by here to enjoy special musical performances and then play at the Patin Stadium with winding runways in the shady garden. . Thuy Quy Tho Thuy Quy Tho is a large plain with vast longan forests, this is an interesting place for picnics, camping, outdoor activities... Hoa Phung Tho The land named Hoa Phung The land is vast with rows of poplars and green grass. This place also displays hundreds of rare species of animals, making the picture of nature more vivid. In the distance is the Shakyamuni Buddha Statue sitting under a 20m high Bodhi tree. Going a little further is Son Cung, the country's scenic spots such as Hai Van Pass, Ha Long Bay, Hon Phu Tu, images in folk legends in caves... are all recreated. here. Games Not only have clusters of models reminiscent of national traditions, Suoi Tien is also attractive with rich and modern games, from children's games such as ball houses, bouncing animals, wooden horses, and electric cars. , trains... to new, adventurous, risky, spectacular but absolutely safe games such as: Aerial bicycles take tourists to visit the "Crocodile Farm" from above looking down with over 1,500 animals. crocodile; With the Standing Ferris wheel game, visitors will have a panoramic view of Suoi Tien from a height of 30m; And there will be nothing more exciting than flying into space with a self-controlled Boeing at a height of 9m.


Cho Quan Church

Location: 120 Tran Binh Trong, Ward 2, District 5, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: Cho Quan Church has Gothic style architecture, over 100 years old but is still the most majestic and massive in the Cho Lon area.




Xa Loi Pagoda

Location: 89 Ba Huyen Thanh Quan, District 3, City. Ho Chi Minh City. Phone: (84-4) 8.829 2438. Characteristics: The pagoda was started construction on August 5, 1956 on a 2,500 square meter campus according to the design drawings of two architects Tran Van Duong and Do Ba Vinh, at a cost of 5.5 million VND, thanks to the contributions of the people of 21 southern provinces. The grand inauguration ceremony was held on May 2, 3, 4, 1958.




Temple of Tran Hung Dao

Location: Located at 36 Vo Thi Sau, Ward 4, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City. Characteristics: Among many temples worshiping national hero Tran Hung Dao, this is the largest temple in the South.




St. Francis Xavier Church (Cha Tam Church)

Location: 25 Hoc Lac, Ward 14, District 5, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: This is the only church in the city decorated with diaphragms and tureens similar to Chinese temples.




Mot Thoang tourist area in Vietnam

Location: Ben Bo Cap, Phu Binh hamlet, An Phu commune, Cu Chi district. Characteristics: "Mot Thoang Vietnam" tourist area is a complex of traditional craft villages.




Bat Buu Buddha Dai

Location: Le Minh Xuan commune, Binh Chanh district, about 30km southwest of the city center. Characteristics: The Buddha tower was built in 1959, completed in 1961 on a land area of ​​more than 1,000 square meters. The Buddha's architecture is octagonal, 3m high.

The upper floor is decorated with a 7m high statue of Shakyamuni Buddha, weighing about 4 tons, carved by sculptor Nguyen Thanh Thu in 1957. During the years of war, this whole area was devastated by bombs and bullets, only the Buddha's throne remained. The pedestal with the Buddha's body and scriptures still stands tall in the deserted place, so local people have called this sacred relic the Lonely Buddha. Up to now, Bat Buu Phat Dai has been renovated and built on an area of ​​5 hectares. With unique architecture, harmonious decoration, and a peaceful setting, it increasingly attracts a large number of devotees and tourists.


Botanical garden

Location: 2B Nguyen Binh Khiem, District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: This is the place that preserves the most animal and plant species in Vietnam.

The Botanical Garden was originally a Botanical Garden built by France in 1864, based on the planning of the French Emperor Louis XIII's botanical garden at that time, to serve as a place to preserve animals and plant trees. Initially, the project had an area of ​​12 hectares, located northeast of Thi Nghe canal. In 1865, France expanded the garden area to 20 hectares and invited Mr. J.B. Louis Pierre, the person in charge of plant care at the Calcutta Botanical Garden (India), became the garden's director. The Botanical Garden officially opened to welcome visitors in 1869. In 1924, the garden campus was expanded by 13 hectares on the north bank of Thi Nghe canal. In 1926, to commemorate the Vietnamese who died while serving as French soldiers in World War I, France built a memorial (now Hung Vuong Temple) next to the main gate of the garden following the architecture of mausoleums in Hue. In 1927, France built Ong Nghe bridge across Thi Nghe canal to connect the two parts of the garden, and at the same time started construction of the Blanchard de la Bross museum (now the Museum of Vietnamese History in Ho Chi Minh City). ) follows the architecture of the Summer Palace in Beijing in the garden grounds. After that, a bronze elephant statue shaped and carved in the style of Thai art was built to the right of Hung Vuong temple. In 1956, the Botanical Garden was planned to be rebuilt and renamed Botanical Garden. From 1984 to 1989, the Zoo continued to be renovated on a large scale, especially the construction of barns suitable for each animal species. According to statistics, the Zoo currently has more than 590 animal heads of 125 species, 1,800 trees of 260 species, 23 species of domestic orchids, 33 species of cacti, 34 types of bonsai and 20 hectares of green grass. In addition to the zoo, bonsai growing area and orchid collection area, the Zoo also has a play and entertainment area for children. The Zoo has officially become a member of the Association of Southeast Asian Gardens since 1990.


Binh Tay Market

Location: 57A Thap Muoi, District 6, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: This is a busy wholesale market in the city. Ho Chi Minh City, where the daily activities of the Chinese community in the city are boldly imprinted.

Binh Tay Market was built by the Chinese community living in Dong Pho area, Phien Chan Palace (now in District 5, District 6, District 10 and District 11, Ho Chi Minh City) in the 18th century. Compared to The Vietnamese market at that time was larger so it was called Cho Lon. In 1928, in order to expand the scale of the market to meet the growing business needs of small traders, Chinese businessman Quach Dam spent money to build a new Lon market on a land area of ​​more than 25,000 square meters in Binh Tay village. (Dong Pho area) follows modern French construction techniques but has Chinese architectural style. After going into operation, with convenient traffic location and experienced business skills of small traders, Cho Lon quickly became a large wholesale market throughout the country and neighboring countries (Laos). , Cambodia...). After 1975, Cho Lon was renamed Binh Tay market. In 1992, the market was renovated and an additional floor was built. Adjacent to Le Tan Ke, Thap Muoi, Tran Binh, Phan Van Khoe streets, Binh Tay market has 12 side gates and 1 main gate overlooking Thap Muoi highway, directly facing Cho Lon bus station, convenient for traffic. freight. The main gate architecture is in the style of an ancient pagoda, with a yin-yang tiled roof, consisting of 2 floors, of which the upper floor has 4 sides, each side mounted with a large clock. On the corner of the roof and top of the gate there is an embossed dragon image. The front of the gate is a blue ceramic mosaic relief of "two dragons flanking pearls". In the middle of the market there is a skylight creating a cool space. In this area, there is also a statue of Mr. Quach Dam. On the statue's pedestal is written the year the market was built. Around the pedestal there are 4 bronze statues of lions holding pearls and 4 bronze statues of water-spewing dragons. At the 4 corners of the market are 4 small huts with roofs designed in the style of Eastern pagoda roofs. Binh Tay Market has nearly 2,500 stalls selling more than 30 different product groups. The product lines are arranged, arranged reasonably, and concentrated according to each business area to promote the strengths of each product line.


Nguyen Hue Walking Street

Location: Ben Nghe Ward, District 1, City. Ho Chi Minh. Characteristics: Walking street combining the most modern transportation in Vietnam.




Mau Son Mountain

Location: 30km east of Lang Son city. Characteristics: Located at an altitude of 1,541m above sea level, the climate on the mountain is mild, suitable for relaxation.

Mau Son Mountain is surrounded by hundreds of small mountains. The climate here is mild. In winter, Mau Son is always covered with clouds. In the summer, the sunshine is bright yellow. In spring, the whole Mau Son region is bright red with peach blossoms. Mau Son peaches are both large and sweet. Mau Son has a very delicious and watery snow tea. And the fragrant Mau Son wine is made by the people here using yeast containing ingredients from some herbs only found in Mau Son. Only at that height, with water flowing from the heart of Mother Mountain, can there be such a delicious wine flavor. Coming to Mau Son not only to enjoy the scenery and fresh air, but also to immerse yourself in the human life and culture of the ethnic minorities here. Previously, Mau Son was a resort with many spacious villas, not much inferior to SaPa and Tam Dao. But then the war happened, many houses were destroyed. In the future, Mau Son will be rebuilt into a resort and develop mountaineering tourism.


Tam Thanh Cave

Location: Located in Tam Thanh ward, Lang Son city, west of Ky Lua street. Features: The cave wall is also engraved with a poem by Ngo Thi Si praising the majestic natural beauty here.

Tam Thanh Cave is located in a mountain range shaped like a herd of elephants prostrate on the green grass. Tam Thanh cave is halfway up the mountain. The cave entrance facing the east is about 8m high, the way up is 30 stone steps carved into the mountainside, with many overgrown trees blocking the sunlight. The right cave wall has a poem engraved by Ngo Thi Si (1726-1780) when he was governor of Lang Son, praising the majestic natural beauty. The meaning of the poem is: "The clear stream flows on hundreds of rocks as if conversing. Turn around and look at the mountain in front to see Vong Phu island". In the cave there is a statue of Amitabha Buddha and many spectacular stalactites.


Nghi Lang ancient citadel

Location: The citadel is located in Pho Rang valley, Bao Yen district, Lao Cai province. Characteristics: Nghi Lang ancient citadel was built in the years 1527 - 1533 and is a major economic and political center of the entire Chay River region in the early 16th century.

Currently, the citadel still has many vestiges. To the east is the Chay River - a natural trench with fast-flowing water. From the Lu stream to the Rang stream are sections of ancient ramparts, thick bamboo, and on the other side of the Chay river is soi Bau beach (an ancient word meaning superior, just above). brothers Vu Van Uyen and Vu Van Mat). Legend has it that it was a boat wharf, the military base of the Bau lords, and there was Khao Quan hill. The north side of the citadel is based on a high and dangerous mountain. At the foot of the mountain is Rang River - a stream 6 - 8 meters wide as a protective trench. Along the edge of the trench, the Bau lords also planted bamboo poles in a triangular shape tightly surrounding the wall. The south and west of the city are based on high mountains. In the citadel, there is a command building, a weapons forging workshop, a brick and tile production workshop, a barracks and a market and school system. In particular, the citadel also has the largest Phuc Khanh pagoda in the region. The pagoda is located on a hill. Currently, the pagoda's foundation with many stones supporting the pagoda's pillars still remains. There is also a large rectangular stone stele measuring 33x55mm with a turtle wearing the stele. On the stele, the words "Phuc Khanh Tu" are prominently displayed. In the northwest of the citadel, there is a system of lotus lakes for Lord Bau's excursion with quite beautiful "charming mountains and water" scenery. Next to the lake is a complex of ancient pottery and brick kilns. Thousands of square meters of hillsides are still scattered with ancient ceramic artifacts, most of which are ancient tiles from the Le Trung Hung period. At Cam Veo row - a forward checkpoint on the west side of the citadel, a bronze command gun was found, 40cm long, 12cm in diameter, with two lines of "Nghi Lang's defense" engraved on the body of the gun. This is the command gun number 29 of the leader of the unit protecting Nghi Lang citadel. The book "Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi" section on fairy tales also records: "Lord Bau has lush green trees, quiet nights, local people often hear the sounds of drums and gongs and fires in the morning and at night." History has turned a page, but the heroic traces of fighting against the Mac Dynasty and protecting the borders of the Bau lords are still imprinted in the people's traditions.


Hoang Lien National Park

Location: Hoang Lien National Park is located in Sa Pa town, communes: San Sa Ho, Lao Chai, Ta Van, Ban Ho, Sa Pa district; part of Van Ban district, Lao Cai province and two communes Muong Khoa and Than Thuoc, Than Uyen district, Lai Chau province. Characteristics: This is an ideal eco-tourism destination and suitable for scientific research.




Bac Ha market

Location: Belongs to Bac Ha district, Lao Cai province, about 60km from Lao Cai city. Characteristics: Bac Ha is the largest market in the border highlands.




Ham Rong mountain

Location: Sa Pa town, Sa Pa district, Lao Cai province Characteristics: a place with many beautiful flowers and the most beautiful panoramic view of Sa Pa town.

Located right next to the center of Sa Pa town, Ham Rong Mountain is a famous tourist destination that anyone who comes to Sa Pa wants to visit. Belonging to the majestic Hoang Lien Son range, at an altitude of nearly 1,800m, Ham Rong Mountain consists of undulating rock ranges with many interesting appearances. Seen from a distance, Ham Rong Mountain looks like a giant dragon bending, lying towards the west of Hoang Lien Son range. The top of the mountain is cleverly arranged by Mother Nature, so that random lifeless cliffs bring meaningful images. People here call that mountain peak Dragon's Head Mountain because it looks like a dragon's head pointing toward the sky. There are many versions of the legend of Ham Rong Mountain, but these legends all talk about the love, gratitude, and loyalty of dragons. In order to preserve and promote the beauty of Ham Rong mountain landscape, Ham Rong tourist area was officially started construction in 1996 on an area of ​​nearly 150 hectares. Coming here, visitors can feel the converging beauty of nature, culture and people of the highlands of Sa Pa with every step from the foot of the mountain to the top of Ham Rong. In particular, for tourists who are interested in sightseeing and taking photos, this is a place where many beautiful and unique photos can be saved. Ham Rong Mountain attracts tourists with many flowers blooming all year round such as azaleas, fireworks, roses... Azalea alone is a colorful picture with all colors from red, purple, pink to yellow, then white. Coming here, visitors will quickly be drawn into the orchid garden located halfway up the mountain with hundreds of orchid species with different names such as: slipper orchid, sword orchid, royal orchid, including precious orchids such as the sword orchid. dream, sword autumn, woody pepper orchid. Coming to Ham Rong at any time of the year, visitors will be treated to a colorful "party" from blooming orchids. Most present in Ham Rong Mountain, in addition to orchids, there are also hydrangeas. Flowers not only grow naturally in rock crevices and next to miniature landscapes, but are also grown in gardens with large flowers, up to 30cm in diameter. Although the color is not too colorful, just pink, blue or white, because it grows in clusters and blooms for a long time right on the rocky ground, wherever there is hydrangea, it glows with intense vitality. chase away the cold and aridity of the highland rocks. Visiting Ham Rong in the spring, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy the fairyland beauty of the ancient peach garden. Here, mossy peach trees bloom bright pink in a corner of the mountain. Looming is the pure white color of apricot and plum flowers. Not only ecstatic with many beautiful and colorful flowers, Ham Rong Mountain is also considered the place to have the most wonderful panoramic view of Sa Pa town with 3 viewing points: Orchid Garden 1, Sa Pa telecommunications station and San Francisco Stadium. Clouds on top of the mountain. At different heights, visitors will have a new perspective on the "city in the mist". Among them, San May is considered the most satisfying viewing spot for Sa Pa because in this location, visitors can feel the interference of heaven and earth most clearly. And up to Ham Rong Mountain, visitors will also feel the unique cultural values ​​of the ethnic minorities here when visiting the music performance area of ​​Mong ethnic boys and girls or wearing costumes. put on brocade shirts and skirts to play the roles of "village boys and village girls". Many sports activities, cultural and artistic exchanges, and learning about regional identities are also organized so that visitors have the opportunity to better understand the lives of highland people in Sa Pa.


Cat Cat Village in Sa Pa

Location: Cat Cat Village is in Sa Pa district, Lao Cai province, 2km from Sa Pa town center. Characteristics: Cat Cat Village is an old village of the Mong people, still preserving many traditional crafts such as growing cotton, flax, weaving and making jewelry. In particular, this place still retains many unique customs that do not exist in other regions, or no longer exist in their original form.

Through looms, the Mong people create colorful brocades and patterns that simulate trees, leaves, flowers, animals... Associated with the process of weaving cotton and linen is dyeing and printing and embroidering flowers. Literature, popular techniques are indigo dyeing, ash water dyeing with herbs and forest leaves. The dyed fabric is polished by rolling it with a round wooden log on a flat stone smeared with beeswax. In Cat Cat village, the profession of making silver and copper jewelry has been around for a long time and creates sophisticated products. The silver making process includes many stages. First, they put the silver in a pot on the bellows and heat it until it melts, then pour it into the trough. Wait until the silver cools, take it out, use a hammer to beat and hammer it so that the silver bar is big, small, long, short, square, triangular, round, flat or drawn into fibers. Next, they file it until it's smooth and if decoration is needed, they use nails to carve, create embossed or sunken patterns, and then shape the product. The final step is to smooth, whiten and shine. Silver-engraved products in Cat Cat are very rich and sophisticated, especially women's jewelry such as necklaces, bracelets, cords, rings... One thing that attracts tourists when coming to Cat Cat is the Mong people. Here, many unique customs and traditions are still preserved, such as the custom of wife-pulling. When a boy knows and falls in love with a girl, he will organize a party to invite his friends and ask them to make a plan to "drag" the girl home unexpectedly, keeping her for three days. After that, if the girl agrees to become the boy's wife, the official wedding ceremony will take place. If she refuses, they drink a bowl of wine together to make friends and everything returns to normal as if nothing had happened. Hmong weddings in Cat Cat are usually held from 2 to 7 days. The architecture of Mong people's houses in Cat Cat village still has many ancient features: three-compartment houses with pomu wood planks. The house frame has a truss with three horizontal columns. The columns are all placed on round or square stone slabs. The walls are covered with sawn wood, there are 3 doors: the main door in the middle, 2 side doors at both ends of the house. The main door is always closed, only opened when there are big events such as weddings, funerals, and ghost worship during Tet holidays. The house has a worship space, a floor for storing food, a sleeping area, a kitchen and a place to receive guests. Cat Cat village was formed in the mid-19th century, households reside in a secret way: leaning on the mountainside and gathering together, the rooftops are about a few dozen meters apart. They grow rice on terraced fields and corn in the mountains using manual farming methods with low yields. Most houses are simple, with only a table, a bed and a cooking stove...


Hoang A Tuong Palace (Hoang Yen Chao Castle)

Location: Hoang A Tuong Palace is located in the center of Bac Ha district, Lao Cai province. Characteristics: The architecture of Hoang A Tuong Palace is a combination of Asian and European style, creating harmony, with a closed, continuous rectangular layout.




Bac Ha flower valley

Location: Airport village, Thai Giang Pho commune, Bac Ha district, Lao Cai province. Characteristics: is a place to propagate, preserve and provide many beautiful flowers.

From the center of Bac Ha town, following the winding road between corn hills and Tam Hoa plum gardens for about 2km, a colorful flower paradise appears before visitors' eyes with hundreds of species of flowers blooming among each other. heart of the plateau. The owner of this flower farm is a businessman who has been involved with Vietnamese agriculture for many years. With his love for flowers, he has bred, preserved and provided many rare flower varieties, pleasing the eyes of visitors every time they have the opportunity to come here. His flower farm also creates jobs for ethnic minorities in Bac Ha thanks to guidance and familiarity with advanced flower growing technology right on their homeland. Flowers here bloom in every season. Blooming throughout all four seasons are orchids. Each orchid branch in the rocky mountains and gates of heaven comes here to "meet" with new orchids introduced both domestically and internationally. Besides the charming wild orchids, bearing the wild features of the Northwest mountains and forests, there are also There are colorful flower pots such as hydrangea, lavender, auspicious, petunia, jade... The long carpets of red, pink, yellow, purple flowers make anyone who comes here feel very special. enjoy together. Not only can you admire the flowers and immerse yourself in the peaceful space of ethnic villages with endless green rice fields and corn fields, coming here, visitors can also enjoy rustic dishes with unique flavors of Vietnam. localities such as Thang Co, black chicken, armpit pig, colored sticky rice... Just once coming to Bac Ha flower valley, visitors will definitely want to come back many times because of the peaceful beauty and typical fresh air. of the white highlands.


Ban Den

Location: Ban Den is located in Ban Ho commune, Sa Pa district, Lao Cai province. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will discover the magnificent nature, learn about the unique culture of the indigenous people and live in a cozy, intimate atmosphere, blending people and nature.

Ban Ho commune is located nearly 30km southwest of Sa Pa town center. There are 5 ethnic groups: Mong, Dao, Tay, Giay and Nung (mainly Tay people) living together. Although it does not have the advantage of being close to the tourist center like other villages in Sa Pa, Ban Ho has magnificent natural scenery, legendary waterfalls, rapids, and many other unique cultural heritages. Ban Ho is a destination for many tourists, especially foreign tourists. When coming to Ban Ho, visitors will be surprised by the lush green color of upland rice on terraced fields, surrounded by hills and mixed with ethnic houses. scattered along both stream banks. Ban Ho's center is Ban Den village, the meeting place of two streams Muong Hoa and La Ve. According to legend, there was a couple who met each other at a love market night in Sa Pa. The boy is a Tay person from Ban Den who was orphaned at a young age, and the girl is a Giay person from Ban Ta Van. They loved each other dearly, but the boy was too poor to pay the bride price to ask the girl to marry him. They often meet on the banks of Muong Hoa stream to have sex. One day, it was pouring rain, but missing his lover, the young man still went up the stream to meet his lover in Nam Na (at the end of today's Ta Van). They loved each other forever, unaware of the impending disaster. The water spirit suddenly rushed in and pulled the girl out of her lover's arms and into the roaring red water. The boy jumped in panic but lost track of his lover. Heartbroken and indescribably hating the water god, every day he went up Hoang Lien Son mountain to carry stones to fill the stream. The rocky mountain blocking the Muong Hoa stream grew higher and higher according to the boy's nostalgia and sadness. Muong Hoa Stream was split in half and wrapped around Ban Den, chirping day and night like the sound of a guitar calling the boy's friend from that time. Unlike the Muong Hoa stream that has to bring water to dozens of villages every day where it flows, the La Ve stream flows to Ban Den from deep in the mountains and forests. Maybe that's why it's more beautiful, more mysterious, and more pure. In the Ban Ho area, in addition to the two streams Muong Hoa and La Ve, there are also a series of other streams and waterfalls such as: Ca Nhay, Seo Trung Ho... which are places that attract passion and explore poetic nature. tourist's dream. Seo Trung Ho Waterfall with a height of over one hundred meters, seen from a distance like a white silk strip running halfway across the mountain, makes tourists want to visit. Ban Ho is not for those who do not have the desire to explore. The winding, winding and difficult mountain roads are truly a challenge for visitors. But once there, visitors will surely be attracted by the diversity of nature here. Coming here, visitors can not only admire the charming natural scenery, poetic open space, unique architecture from wooden stilt houses that have long been associated with the lives of ethnic people, but also live in friendly, warm tourist environment and participation in community activities. A typical example is Ban Den village of Ban Ho commune. The cultural potential of the people of Ban Den village is expressed through ancient songs, dances and many traditional rituals. For the Tay people, the field festival, love songs, bamboo dances and Xoe dances are typical cultural features that really attract tourists. Traditional crafts have been restored and tend to expand. The most prominent occupations are cotton growing, mulberry growing, silkworm raising and brocade weaving. Traditional brocade of Ban Den is woven by Tay women into beautiful costumes and many decorative products for the home and for daily use. Brocade weaving not only creates unique souvenirs but is also a place to weave fabrics and produce blankets, sheets, and pillows for tourists from all over to visit and admire the ingenuity of highland women. In the past ten years or so, the form of homestay tourism has been one of the things that makes Ban Den attractive. The 29 largest and most beautiful stilt houses in Ban Den village have been selected to implement this service and the most interesting thing is that the number of people flocking to Ban Den to spend the night in this village is increasing, including many people. Vietnamese young people. Ban Den is always bustling in the form of village tourism. The flavor of modern life is gradually spreading throughout this place, but at night, the village is filled with the pure, profound and magical smell of the mountains and forests.


Ham Rong Cave

Location: Ham Rong Cave is located in Muong Khuong district, Lao Cai province, about 2km from Muong Khuong town. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to admire the mysterious beauty amidst a vast and vast mountainous area.

From City. Lao Cai, following Highway 4D up to the northeast about 50km, visitors will reach Muong Khuong district. Looking from a distance, the villages and hamlets in Muong Khuong district loom intermingled in the vast green of the mountains and forests. The closer you get, the more you see a very vivid picture painted before your eyes: Mixed in with the beautiful natural scenery are lovely stilt houses and ground-floor houses; The schools peek through the groves of trees, the vast Tung Lau - Na Bu rice fields, stretching endlessly... and standing out is the Ham Rong cave complex - a famous tourist destination. has been ranked as a National Monument. To get to Ham Rong cave complex, visitors will have to follow Tung Lau stream with the main entrance to the cave being the source of the stream. This stream bends over each ravine all year round and forms the "Pao Tung" waterfall - a wonderful landscape of the entire Muong Khuong region. Ham Rong cave complex includes 4 caves, which are: Lung Pau cave, Nam Ooc cave, Muoi Ngua cave and Cao Son cave area; There are 2 main caves connected together with a total length of about 750m. Lung Pau Cave belongs to Tung Chung Pho commune and is located deep in the heart of the towering limestone mountains. It was here that in 1959, the famous Pha Long bronze drum (belonging to Hege I), dating back nearly 4,000 years ago, was discovered. Tam Ooc Cave in Nam Lu commune has many stalactites and magical Buddha statues, and this place often organizes unique folk festivals of the Nung people and a number of other villages and hamlets in the Muoi Ngua Cave area, also known as Su cave. Ma Tung belongs to Ta Ngai Cho commune - the base of activities of the notorious Chau Quang Lo bandits. Phi Chau Quang Lo was once a henchman of the French colonialists and was destroyed by local militia and regular army units to contribute to the liberation of Pha Long area in 1952. Cao Son cave area is hidden in the heart of the rocky mountains. towering lime trees. Inside the cave there are many beautiful shapes made of stone, looking like terraced fields, agricultural tools, tables, chairs... This place is not just evidence of "exposing the corpses of the enemy" The local army and people once fought against the feudal invaders of the North with the legend of "Han extermination slot" deeply imprinted in the people's consciousness, but also served as a base for revolutionary activities against the French and bandits in Muong Khuong and as a defense area. security and national defense to firmly protect the Fatherland's borders during the country's current reform period. Coming to Ham Rong cave complex, visitors will have the opportunity to admire the mysterious beauty amidst a vast and vast mountainous area.


Cao Son Market

Location: Cao Son Market is located in Cao Son commune, Muong Khuong district, Lao Cai province, far from City. Lao Cai is about 80km. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to interact, chat and learn more about the daily life of ethnic minorities living in the 4 largest villages of Muong Khuong district.




Dalat Cathedral

Location: Dalat Cathedral is located on Tran Phu street, Da Lat city, near Novotel hotel. Characteristics: Dalat Cathedral is one of the most typical and ancient architectural works of Dalat.

This is the largest church in Da Lat city, called the Cathedral Church, or also the folk name is Chicken Church because at the top of the bell tower there is a statue of a large chicken. The church was built from 1931 to 1942, with a length of 65m, a width of 14m and a height of 47m. With that height, the church's bell tower can be seen from many places in the city. The upper part of the wall is installed with 70 stained glass panels bearing the mark of medieval European church architecture. At Christmas every year, this is the place where many people both inside and outside the religion gather to attend the ceremony and visit. In addition, in Da Lat there are many smaller churches, of which Domaine de Marie (Domain of Notre Dame) and Cam Ly church have their own unique characteristics.


Suoi Vang Lake

Location: Suoi Vang Lake is in Lac Duong district, 20km north of Da Lat city. Characteristics: Suoi Vang Lake is a famous landscape of Lam Dong province.

Leaving the center of Da Lat and going north to Lac Duong, at km 7 Tung Lam, turn left. Visitors still have to pass about 12km of bumpy road winding between rolling pine hills before reaching Suoi Vang Lake, where But 100 years ago when he first arrived, Yersin ran and jumped and cheered like a little schoolboy, bewildered by the poetic and magical scenery of nature that still had its wild features intact, so that he could later suggest to Governor General P. Doumer built a resort here. Suoi Vang Lake consists of two lakes, Dankia above and Ankroet below, created by two dams of the same name Ankroet blocking the Da Dung river originating from Langbian mountain. Next to it is a white waterfall also named Ankroet - this waterfall was chosen by Governor Decoux as the place to build Da Lat's first hydroelectric plant in 1942. Suoi Vang Lake has a capacity of about 20 million cubic meters of water. In addition to providing fresh water for Da Lat city, it is also used to operate the generator set of Ankroet hydroelectric plant with an annual capacity of 15 million kw/h. There is also a fairly modern Suoi Vang water plant built by Denmark, with regular testing by the Preventive Health Center confirming that the upstream water always meets the necessary hygiene standards. It was completed in 1984 with a capacity of 18,000m/sec.


Da Lat city

Area: 390.5 km² Population: 197 thousand people (in 2007) Administrative units: - Wards: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 - Communes :Xuan Tho, Xuan Truong, Ta Nung, Tram Hanh Ethnic groups: M'nong, Ma, Co Ho...

From Ho Chi Minh City, follow Highway 20 about 308km to Da Lat. Discovered by the French in the late 19th century and formed in the early 20th century, Da Lat is a young resort city. Central with many natural advantages in climate and landscape. Thanks to its altitude of 1,475m above sea level, despite being a tropical country, Da Lat has a cool, pleasant climate of the temperate zone with the lowest average daily temperature of 15 C and the highest of 24 C. Although there are two seasons: the rainy season from April to November and the dry season from December to March of the following year, Da Lat has sunshine all year round. Climatologists are not exaggerating when they call Da Lat the city of spring. Because forests and wild hills occupy a large area, land for agriculture in Da Lat is not much, only about 3,600 hectares, mainly for growing vegetables. Da Lat forest area is about 16,400 hectares. Among them, pine forests occupy a significant area, more than 10,300 hectares, and are the "jewelry" of the city. Indeed, the pine forests have made Da Lat more charming. Furthermore, it also plays an active role in creating unique features of the microclimate and environment in this place. The fresh, pleasant air in the pine forest is a good condition for relaxation. Da Lat is between 11º52' -12º04' North latitude and 108º20' - 108º35' East longitude, limited by the high Langbian mountain. 2,167m in the north, the 1,756m high Voi mountain range surrounds the west and south, the 1,732m high Lap-Bé Nord mountain in the northeast and the 1,600m high Dan-se-na mountain in the east. Next inside are hills with round tops and gradually sloping slopes. Interspersed between them are valleys, mostly residential and farming areas. Xuan Huong Lake is located in the middle and is considered the center of the city, at an altitude of 1,475m. Therefore, Da Lat has an almost oval basin shape. Going deeper into the city, visitors will discover a "museum" of waterfalls, beautiful lakes, flower valleys and grass hills while enjoying Da Lat products including many types of fruits: persimmons, plums , peaches, avocados..., many unique ethnic dishes and souvenirs of the Da Lat region. Today, coming to Da Lat, visitors will feel a very poetic, splendid yet discreet architecture through each villa hidden in trees or brilliantly covered with a forest of flowers. Da Lat is imbued with the legendary beautiful Central Highlands cultural identity. On village festivals and family fun days, visitors will see them dancing, singing, and playing music with unique musical instruments whose sound sounds like the howling of the wind or the sound of a waterfall flowing on the rapids. With its internal advantages, Da Lat can simultaneously organize many different types of tourism such as: resort tourism, eco-tourism, cultural tourism - festivals, sports tourism, festival tourism. conferences, tourism combined with scientific research... Da Lat city, more than 100 years old, is becoming one of the most attractive tourist destinations for domestic and foreign tourists.


Datanla Waterfall

Location: Datanla Waterfall is located in the middle of Prenn Pass, 5km from Da Lat city. Characteristics: Although Datanla Waterfall is not as majestic and noisy as many other waterfalls in Da Lat, it has a special attraction for those who like adventure.

Datanla or Datania is a combination of K'Ho words: "Da - Tam - N'ha" meaning "water under the leaves" - related to the Cham, Lat, and Chil wars of the 15th - 17th centuries. From national highway 20 turns downhill about 300m to reach a small valley, visitors will encounter Datanla waterfall with an attractive and wild scene. The waterfall pours down from a 20m high rapid, weaves through many levels in the rocks and then disappears somewhere in the deep forest, forming a stream, sometimes hidden and sometimes appearing, as if inviting to challenge the footsteps of wandering travelers. This place has beautiful, smooth rocks. Legend has it that in the past, fairies in the heavens often stopped to play and bathe in the stream, so this area is also called Fairy Stream. Going far down below, visitors will meet a fairy. The deep canyon is called the Death Abyss. This is a quite dangerous place, where accidents can easily occur if exploration is not organized by professional units with safety equipment. Tourists should not recklessly explore the mysteries of Datanla Death Canyon.


Da Lat Market

Location: Dalat Market is located right in the center of Dalat city. Characteristics: Da Lat Market has an appearance that is both majestic, elegant, and artistic.

Built from 1958-1960, Da Lat market had the most modern architecture at that time. A special feature is that this market is located right at the foot of the hill, connected to the top of the hill, Hoa Binh area through a bridge on the 2nd floor and to Xuan Huong lake by the road leading to the ground floor. In front of the market is a roundabout planted with flowers. On the side, next to the roundabout, there are steps leading to Le Dai Hanh street and a slope connecting Hoa Binh area with Xuan Huong lake. All of this gives Da Lat market a spectacular layout that can only be found in hilly highland cities. In addition to normal items like all other markets, Da Lat market also sells all kinds of specialties, mainly on the ground floor. On the outside are flower stalls, next are fruit stalls, then the area where Da Lat specialties are processed such as: artichokes, soy sauce, wine, syrup...


Lake of Sighs

Location: Than Tho Lake is located about 6km east of Da Lat city center, along the Quang Trung - Xuan Huong Lake axis. Characteristics: Visiting here, visitors will hear about touching love stories that borrowed lake water to keep their love forever faithful.

For a long time, the name Than Tho lake has become famous with two verses: "Da Lat has Cam Ly waterfall. There is Than Tho lake, how can anyone go?" The reason it is famous is because the lake is located near Da Lat National Military Academy ( (now the Army Academy) and is associated with the school's golden age in the 1950s and early 1960s. Every day off, holiday, and Sunday, the families of the students and their lovers come to have fun together. play here. And until now, there is still the story of Thao - Tam and the cold grave of the ill-fated girl named Thao at Pine Hill 2 Tombs (from outside to the left hand side of the tourist area). Than Tho Lake is located on a high hill in the middle of a quiet pine forest. The scenery around the lake is poetic, the lake water surface is always calm and pensive. The dirt road along the lake seemed to disappear in the distance. Here, it seems that only the whistling sound of the wind and the sound of pine trees ringing like sighs and sobs can be heard. There is a very strange pair of pine trees in love on the north side of the lake forming a pair of pine "lovers" entwined together inseparably and visitors can go there to take souvenir photos. The pine hills at Than Tho Lake also seem to be more beautiful than other places because the pine trees are sparser and more evenly tall, so when the sunlight shines down, they cast very beautiful shadows on the grass. In ancient times, this place was associated with the love story of Hoang Tung and Mai Nuong. It happened in the 18th century, when the cloth-shirted hero Nguyen Hue raised an army to expel the Qing invaders, young men everywhere responded, including Hoang Tung. Before parting, the two invited each other to the shore to lament and promise. He promised that spring would come when the cherry blossoms would bring back news of victory. At home, Mai Nuong heard that Hoang Tung had died in battle, so she decided to throw herself beside the stream to drown herself. But ironically, in the middle of spring when Hoang Tung returned victorious, he was extremely sad to learn that his lover had died. A few years after the collapse of the Tay Son dynasty, Gia Long took revenge on those who had contributed to the Tay Son dynasty, so Hoang Tung committed suicide by the lake to be happy with his lover in nine springs. From then on the lake was named Than Tho until today.


Linh Phong Pagoda (Female monks' pagoda)

Location: Linh Phong Pagoda (Nu Nu Pagoda) is located on Hoang Hoa Tham Street, Da Lat City. Characteristics: The pagoda is 400m² wide and is divided into 5 architectural compartments in the style of communal houses in the Central region. The curved double roof is decorated with four sacred animals (dragon, unicorn, turtle, phoenix) winding between the mountain winds and clouds.

The pagoda was built in 1944, on a small, soaring mountain peak hidden among thousands of windy pine trees. Beginning in 1944, the pagoda was a simple Buddhist temple with a tole roof and plank walls, perched on top of a mountain, presided over by monk Thich Bich Nguyen. From 1948 to 1962, Monk Thich Nu Tu Huong restored and built Linh Phong Ni Tu, a solemn and magnificent pagoda like today... The three-entrance gate was built of green stone, creating a majestic look. The temple was decorated according to the philosophy of the Three Contemplations of "Emptiness, Falsehood, and Centrality". The main hall worshiping Amitabha Buddha is 1.8m high. On both sides, the front part worships polished bronze statues of Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva and Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, while the back part worships Patriarch and Linh. Behind the pagoda, on the hill, there is a small, 3-storey, hexagon-shaped tower that will be the resting place of the Monk when she passes away.


Dalat flower garden

Location: Dalat Flower Garden is located at No. 2 Phu Dong Thien Vuong, next to the road from Xuan Huong Lake to Dalat University. Characteristics: Dalat Flower Garden is a fairly complete collection of precious flowers from Vietnam and the world.

Dalat flower garden dates from 1966, and in 1985 it was restored to grow new flowers. There are over 300 species of flowers here, including hundreds of flowers such as roses, chrysanthemums, gladiolus, orchids, hydrangeas, mimoda... blooming all year round.


Valleys love

Location: Love Valley is located about 5km north of Da Lat city center. Features: Love Valley is sunk deep into the hillside with green pine forests all year round.

At first the French called this place Valley d'Amour; During Bao Dai's time as Head of State, it was changed to Hoa Binh valley. In 1953, when the Chairman of the Town Council at that time, Nguyen Vy, proposed converting the names of French nouns into Vietnamese to express the nation's independent language, the name "Valley of Love" was then adopted. was born. In 1972, thanks to building a large dam across the valley, a large lake was created called Da Thien lake. Because of the lake, this valley is even more poetic, increasing its appeal to tourists and especially to couples from all over the country. Visitors can follow the trails or climb hundreds of steps, passing through colorful flower gates to reach Vong Canh hill. From here, the Valley of Love appears in sight, as beautiful as a painting, lively with sails fluttering on the lake.


Linh Son Pagoda

Location: Linh Son Pagoda is located on Nguyen Van Troi street, about 700m northwest of Da Lat city center. Characteristics: The pagoda has simple Asian architecture with two sloping roofs. On the top of the roof is a pair of dragons curving in the "two dragons of the day" position. On both sides of the steps leading into the main hall, there are also a pair of elaborately carved dragons with their mouths open, symbolizing dragon gods protecting the Dharma.

Linh Son Pagoda is located on a 4-hectare hill, planted with tea, coffee, eucalyptus, pine, pine, cypress, cherry apricot... The pagoda was built in 1936 and completed in 1940. Scenery The temple is solemn and ancient. The path to the pagoda is shaded by tall pine trees and star trees. Right in front of the pagoda yard is the statue of Avalokiteśvara standing on a lotus daisies. On the left side of the pagoda there is an octagonal three-story stupa, and on the right side of the pagoda yard there are beautifully shaped pseudo-painted rocks and bonsai. There is also a lake that stands out among the green grass with colorful water lilies and goldfish swimming around, looking very happy. Inside the temple, the Buddha hall is solemnly decorated. The main hall worships Shakyamuni Buddha meditating on a lotus throne. The statue was cast in 1952, made of bronze, weighing 1,250kg. In addition, the temple also has a room for distributing scriptures and souvenirs. The abbot of the pagoda from 1964 to present is Venerable Thich Tu Man. The Lam Dong Provincial Buddhist Executive Board currently has its office here.


Elephant Mountain eco-tourism area

Location: Elephant Mountain eco-tourism area in the city. Da Lat, Lam Dong province, about 15km from the city center. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will feel like they are living in a wild world.

Follow the road from Prenn Pass to Truc Lam Zen Monastery, then turn left a few more kilometers and visitors will reach the Elephant Mountain Ecotourism Area. The basalt red dirt road leading into the tourist area will become very beautiful on sunny days because mixed in the dark red color of the soil are sections of road lined with green stones alternating with the ups and downs of the harmony between wildness and beauty. modern. However, the road will become muddy and difficult to travel if visitors go on a rainy day. To enter the tourist area, visitors can walk, but it will be more interesting if visitors ride a horse or elephant. Once about 3km deep, amidst the wild mountains and forests and smog, visitors will see several stilt houses of the K'Ho ethnic group; Going further, visitors will reach the gate of Elephant Mountain eco-tourism area, at this time, visitors will see statues of two elephants lying down to welcome guests. Elephant Mountain eco-tourism area is about 400 hectares wide and is planted with a lot of pine trees. Here, people also designed about two dozen houses made of sandal wood according to the traditional architecture of the K'Ho ethnic people. A special feature of the house design here is: some houses are built halfway up large trees and are 6 to 10 meters high with enough usable area for 2 people. In the middle of a vast pine forest, in a vast, vast space, visitors have both the strange feeling of living on a tree for the first time and the feeling like they are living in another world - that is the world. of birds that only live in flocks. Despite living in such a wild world, visitors can still enjoy the comforts of modern life. The most romantic and interesting thing is when visitors can live here on the night of "Da Lat with a hazy moon", in the birdcage house in the middle of the forest, visitors will be able to see the fragile white mist covering the mountains and forests. hear the murmuring sound of the stream, the sound of the wind blowing... and you will have a good night's sleep.... When you wake up in the morning, you will see the sunlight shining through the green trees and somewhere , the chirping of forest birds seems to be inviting visitors to a new day... The space here will truly be an unforgettable memory for visitors, especially for those who love to explore the mysteries of nature. For those who have been here, they will surely love nature more. Therefore, the tourist area is a message to tourists: "Those who love nature and have lived in a wild landscape like this, please wholeheartedly protect nature."


Lieng Rowoa Waterfall (Elephant Waterfall)

Location: Lieng Rowoa Waterfall is located in Nam Ban town, Lam Ha district, 25km southwest of Da Lat city. Characteristics: Lieng Rowoa Waterfall, also known as Elephant Waterfall, is one of the beautiful waterfalls of the majestic Central Highlands with a height of more than 30m and a width of about 15m.

The K'ho village elders who have long resided in this land said: Once upon a time, the chief of the Joi Bieng mountain region had a very beautiful daughter. Every time the mountain girl sings, the forest leaves stop rustling and the birds stop singing to listen. Her lover is the son of the chief of the neighboring village. He is loved and respected by many people not only because of his muscular physique and handsome face but also because of his bravery and courage that few can match. They exchanged vows to become husband and wife, but the young man had to go out to kill the enemy and many moons passed without him returning. The heartbroken girl went to the deserted mountain where they used to date, singing passionately and sadly in the hope that the person of her dreams would return to her old place. The singing moved the B'ling bird. They invited each other to fly far away to find out the news and then come back to tell her that the boy had died on the battlefield. However, the mountain girl still refused to accept that harsh truth. She kept singing and singing until she was exhausted, collapsed and never got up again. The herd of prostrate elephants, listening to her singing for so long, turned to stone and remained silent. Suddenly there was a loud explosion, the sky and earth shook, causing the mountain to break and a waterfall suddenly flowed, releasing white foam. The murmuring sound of the waterfall mixed with the rustling sound of the forest, the chirping of birds seemed to follow the lyrics, and the sound of the guitar of a beautiful, faithful mountain girl. The K'ho people then named the waterfall Lieng Rowoa Joi Bieng - the waterfall of elephants prostrate and turned to stone before passionate, eternal love. It would be a pity to come to Da Lat - Lam Dong without going to the mysterious and poetic Lieng Rowoa (Elephant Waterfall). This waterfall, associated with the story of a faithful and tragic love, has been recognized as a national scenic spot. The clear water flowing through the granite mountainside looks spectacular, especially when the bright sunlight shines down on the waterfall, creating a rainbow of seven colors. To get to the foot of the waterfall, visitors must "conquer" 145 winding steps: sometimes they are naturally created stone steps that "eat" into the steep cliffs, sometimes they are the planks of a beautiful wooden bridge teetering on the shore. abyss. As far as the eye can see is a vast forest with ancient trees hundreds of years old, their trunks and branches tangled with vines. In the middle of the vastness, there are layers and layers of forest trees that are green or dotted with fiery red leaves, and carpets of bright yellow or purple flowers that are strangely beautiful. At the foot of the waterfall and in the old forest, there are some large rocks shaped like elephants. Therefore, the roaring sound of the waterfall makes people enjoy the feeling of a herd of elephants racing or spraying water to play with each other. Behind the white waterfall that is churning out mist are deep, mysterious caves. It is a Bat cave that goes deep into the ground up to 50m with cliffs of very strange shapes and colors. Tree roots and vines are intertwined, the deeper you go, the darker and colder the cave becomes like a witch's cave. It is Wind Cave with a very narrow entrance but quite spacious inside, with the sound of wind flutes. Besides its charming and poetic beauty, Elephant Falls was once a revolutionary base during the two resistance wars against the French and Americans. Newly renovated into a tourist attraction in recent years, Elephant Falls was quickly recognized as a national cultural and historical relic. An investment project of 20 billion VND to upgrade the Lieng Rowoa landscape in the years 2003 - 2005 was also approved by the local government. However, the most fervent wish that those who love Voi Waterfall remind investors is to be careful and not lose the mysterious wild beauty of Lieng Rowoa mountain girl.


Lang Sen Wetland Reserve

Location: located in Dong Thap Muoi area, in 2 communes Vinh Loi and Vinh Dai, Tan Hung district, Long An province. Characteristics: is a diverse ecological area, typical of flooded wetlands with wild flora and fauna, with many species in the Vietnam Red Book.

Lang Sen Wetland Conservation Area was established in January 2004, with a natural area of ​​5,030 hectares, taking Cai He site as the center of the core area. The reserve has a quite special natural limit, a 1,500-hectare island surrounded by the Vam Co Tay River with many suitable habitats for water-loving flora and fauna and where it is easy to restore grassland ecosystems. feeding grounds for many water birds. The maintenance of riverside vegetation, seasonally flooded natural grasslands, swamps and increased Melaleuca plantation area have enriched the flora and fauna residing here. Preliminary survey results show that Lang Sen currently has 156 species of wild plants, of which 152 species have identified scientific names belonging to 60 families, including: 7 species of phragmites, 88 species of diphtheria and Monophytes 57 species. Based on growth form, 152 wild plant species in Lang Sen include 26 tree species, 15 shrub species, 101 herbaceous plants, 8 vines, and 2 parasitic species. Regarding animals, Lang Sen has 112 species of birds; 149 species of vertebrates belonging to 46 families, of which 13 species are in the Vietnam Red Book such as pythons, snakes, titmice, magpies... Lang Sen also has loach fish, tilapia fish, and perch. , tilapia fish, ling fish, silver carp, pike, eels, frogs, snakes, turtles, shrimp... Lang Sen is located in the middle of Dong Thap Muoi, so visitors coming here will feel the fresh air. , the peace of the river area. The noise and dust in the city quickly disappeared under the gentle sunlight and cool breeze blowing from the cajuput forests surrounding the reserve. Sitting on a motorboat, straight rows of cajuput trees running along both banks of the canal will lead visitors into Lang Sen wetland. The first stop is a 50-hectare lotus field. Occasionally, visitors will encounter flocks of white storks taking turns landing on the lotus fields to search for food. Continuing along the canals to the rice fields, visitors will be surprised to see flocks of birds flying out of nowhere, sparkling on the water surface. Coming to Lang Sen wetland reserve, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy typical country cuisine of the river region such as: boiled snails, fried catfish, grilled snakehead fish eaten with young lotus leaves, and sour fish soup. reishi cooked with Sesbania flowers... Lang Sen is a wetland with a natural river system and geomorphological diversity compared to other flooded areas of Dong Thap Muoi. This is one of the natural factors contributing to the diversity of habitats, species and natural landscapes. If well managed and protected, Lang Sen will contribute significantly to preserving the biodiversity of the lower Mekong region, protecting genetic resources of rare plants and animals, serving research. scientific research, ecotourism activities...


Binh Ta relic cluster

Location: Binh Ta relic cluster is located in Binh Ta hamlet, Duc Hoa Ha commune, Duc Hoa district, Long An province. Characteristics: Located in a complex of relics from prehistoric to early historical times distributed along ancient roads and the Vam Co Dong river, this cluster of relics belongs to the Oc Eo - Phu Nam culture dating back to the 20th century. 1st to 7th century AD.

There are three relics in the cluster that have been excavated: Go Nam Tuoc, Go Xoai and Go Don relics are distributed in an area relatively close to each other. Go Xoai temple is located at a depth of 1.70 - 1.90m and can be considered a ceremonial place of the Funan people. In particular, in the collection of 26 gold artifacts discovered in Go Xoai, there is a copy of ancient Sanskrit script engraved on a thin gold leaf with a Buddhist scripture. Many valuable artifacts unearthed here include statues of Siva, temple guardian, Vinu statue, and Linga and Yoni mascots. Many Oc Eo fine ceramic fragments, metal fragments, precious stones, sandstone and a series of other prehistoric human relics around the temple, within a radius of 10km, have been discovered. The structures discovered at the Binh Ta relic cluster are temples worshiping the god Siva, belonging to the Brahman religion, which appeared in India in the first century BC and was strongly spread to Southern Indochina from early AD. Located in a complex of archaeological sites in Dong Thap Muoi and the ancient alluvial area of ​​Duc Hoa (Long An), the Oc Eo - Binh Ta relic was built for religious purposes and also serves as a center. politics and culture of the Funan - Chenla state in ancient times.


Ton Thanh Pagoda

Location: Thanh Ba hamlet, My Loc commune, Can Giuoc district, Long An province, about 3km from Can Giuoc district center. Characteristics: This is the oldest pagoda in Long An province.

Ton Thanh Pagoda was built by Zen master Vien Ngo in the 7th year of Gia Long (1808) with the name Lan Nha Pagoda (in 1841 it was renamed Ton Thanh Pagoda). Zen master Vien Ngo Huy Tanh Thanh of the 39th generation Lam Te Zen sect of Lieu Quan sect, since childhood, has sincerely turned to Buddha with the desire to save suffering and rescue sentient beings. In 1846, after fasting from drinking water for 49 days, He passed away at the temple. Currently, in the temple grounds to the west, there is also a stupa worshiping Master Vien Ngo. According to the book Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi, Ton Thanh was the most famous pagoda with "magnificent pillars and golden splendor" in Gia Dinh in the past. Having gone through many ups and downs in history, the pagoda has now been renovated and embellished with an architectural complex including the front hall, main hall, preaching house, east hall, west hall with very imposing yin and yang tile roofs. Ton Thanh Pagoda still retains its ancient features through the system of quadrilateral-style columns in the main hall, gilded lacquered horizontal panels with Chinese characters and many rare ancient Buddha statues from the early 19th century. A bronze statue of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva was cast at the pagoda. Legend has it that when Ton Thanh Pagoda was completed, great master Vien Ngo had a bronze statue of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva cast for worship. After many times of casting, but the statue was still defective, the great master immediately cut off his little finger and put it in the molten copper pot to make the statue complete. The statue of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva is 110cm high, sitting on the body of a monk, his right hand is in a mudra position, his left hand is placed face up across his chest, his palm contains pearl beads. The Buddhist temple hall is decorated solemnly. The middle altar holds the statue of Buddha Shakyamuni, the statue of Amitabha Tam Ton (Amitabha Buddha, Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara, Bodhisattva Mahasthamaprapta), the statue of Buddha, the statue of Maitreya, and the statue of Dharma Protector. The tables on both sides worship statues of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Eighteen Arhats... In the temple's Patriarch's house, there are tablets of the Patriarchs of the Lieu Quan Zen lineage: Patriarch Thiet Dieu - Lieu Quan (35th generation), Patriarch Te Nhon - Huu Bui (36th generation), To Dai Buu – Ngoc Sam (37th generation), To Dao Tu – Quang Thanh (38th generation) and To Tanh Thanh – Vien Ngo (39th generation). In particular, Ton Thanh Pagoda is where Mr. Nguyen Dinh Chieu once lived, wrote, taught, dispensed medicine to save lives, and participated in revolutionary activities (from 1859 to 1861). Also here, he wrote the heroic tribute to the martyr Can Giuoc and completed the final chapters of the famous poem Luc Van Tien. Currently, on the right side of Ton Thanh pagoda, two commemorative stele were built. built in 1973 and 1997 to leave traces of poet Nguyen Dinh Chieu. On November 27, 1997, Ton Thanh Pagoda was ranked as a national cultural and historical relic by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism).


Sin Ho

Location: About 40km from Lai Chau town along 4D road. Characteristics: This is a village inhabited by many different ethnic groups, and there is often a colorful market held every Sunday.




Dao San forest market

Location: Dao San forest market is located in Dao San border commune, Phong Tho district, Lai Chau province, far from Tx. Lai Chau is about 60km. Characteristics: Coming to Dao San market, visitors will always have an interesting and refreshing feeling before the natural landscape and people of this land. Besides, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy some dishes with unique characteristics of the Northwest mountainous region.

From Muong So junction, Provincial Road 132 is like a silk strip crossing hundreds of mountain slopes and the final point is a peak of nearly 2,000m; Here appears a colorful scene with an extremely vibrant and bustling atmosphere, everything seems to blend together..., that is the space of Dao San forest market. Dao San Market is a market of ethnic minorities in 8 border communes of Phong Tho - Lai Chau district. The market opens mainly on days leading up to Tet. Visitors have the opportunity to come to Dao San market, not only can they admire the wild and majestic mountain and forest landscape, exchange and buy items such as fabrics, clothes, agricultural products..., and enjoy delicious dishes. Ethnic specialties such as armpit pigs... but also integrated into the vibrant and joyful atmosphere here: Images of Mong girls with typical ethnic costumes eagerly flocking to the market , images of Dao girls with proposal bracelets on their wrists waiting for Dao boys to send their love... all will surely leave many deep impressions in the hearts of visitors.


Pho Minh Pagoda

Location: Pho Minh Pagoda in Tuc Mac village, Loc Vuong commune, Nam Dinh suburb, about 94 km from Hanoi, 4 km northwest of Nam Dinh city center. Characteristics: This is the place of worship and recitation of mandarins and high-ranking nobles of the Tran Dynasty, arranged in the style of domestic and foreign affairs and clearly shows the mark of harmony of the three religions of Confucianism - Buddhism - Taoism. , the three religions are of the same origin.

The pagoda was originally built during the Ly dynasty and was expanded by the Tran dynasty in 1262. In the pagoda there is a Thuy Ta house, a lotus pond, and many lush ancient trees. In front of the pagoda's door is a bronze top weighing over 7 tons, with a large bell engraved with the words "Pho Minh peak tu". The pagoda originally had a large cauldron in front of the door (Pho Minh cauldron), one of the four treasures of "An Nam's four great weapons", which is no longer there. In the pagoda, there is a statue of Tran Nhan Tong entering Nirvana, a statue of Truc Lam's three ancestors (Tran Nhan Tong, Phap Loa, Huyen Quang) and nearly 60 other statues of Buddha and Saints painted beautifully with gold. Through many renovations, the scale of the pagoda has been greatly reduced compared to before. However, quite a lot of Tran Dynasty architecture remains here: 96 stone feet carved with lotus flowers, many pairs of stone squirrels, two pairs of stone-carved dragons in front of the altar. In particular, there is a tower built in front of the temple gate in 1305. This is a lotus-shaped tower with 13 floors and 21 meters high. The pedestal and first floor are built of intricately decorated blue stone slabs, the upper floors are built of bricks, and on top is a stone tower. The tower has a pyramid shape, square bottom, each side is 5.2 meters long. The tower floors all have curved roofs on four sides. The tower weighs about 700 tons on a small section of 30m² in a low-lying area but has remained stable for the past 7 centuries.


Xuan Thuy National Park

Location: Giao Thien commune, Giao Thuy district, Nam Dinh province Features: Xuan Thuy National Park is an interesting eco-tourism destination for those who like to learn about the lives of migratory birds and living with wild nature. wild.

Xuan Thuy National Park, with a total area of ​​12,000 hectares in the Red River estuary, is located mostly in Giao Thien commune, Giao Thuy district, Nam Dinh, stretching across Con Lu, Con Ngan, and Con Xanh. It is the first Ramsar Convention management area in Vietnam. Xuan Thuy was chosen as a stopping point for thousands of migratory birds with many breeds and species on their way to the south when winter comes at the end of the 11th lunar month and when they return from the south around the end of February. early March every year. Xuan Thuy tiger parrot forest is home to many species of birds, sea cats, sea foxes, otters... Underwater are shrimp, fish, crabs, snakes, clams, oysters... which are a rich source of food. of birds. During the parrot flower season, the cool fragrance is the occasion for the convergence of honey bee colonies. Coming to Xuan Thuy, visitors can live in the vast space of heaven, earth, clouds and water; Breathe fresh air, watch flocks of wild birds: cranes, storks, pelicans, geese, mallards and many other birds diligently searching for food or flying around. Xuan Thuy is about 160km from Hanoi, an interesting ecotourism destination for those who like to learn about the lives of migratory birds and live with wild nature.


Co Le Pagoda

Location: Co Le Pagoda is located in Co Le town, Truc Ninh district, Nam Dinh province. Characteristics: The pagoda has a long history. The pagoda also has a 12-story Cuu Pham Lien Hoa tower built in 1926 - 1927.




Kon Tum wooden church

Location: Kon Tum wooden church is located on Nguyen Hue Street, City. Kon Tum. Characteristics: The church is made entirely of rattan wood, in Roman style combined with the stilt house architecture of the Ba Na people, completed in 1918.




Chu Mom Ray National Park

Location: Chu Mom Ray National Park is located in Sa Thay and Ngoc Hoi districts, Kon Tum province, far from the city. Kon Tum is about 30km northwest. Characteristics: This place is considered to have extremely rich and valuable forest resources that are difficult to compare with any national park or conservation area in our country.




Kon Tum Prison

Location: Kon Tum Prison is located in the west of Kon Tum town. Characteristics: Built by the French to detain political prisoners and our revolutionary soldiers during the period 1930 - 1931.




Cuong Temple

Location: Cuong Temple is located on Mo Da mountain, in Dien An commune, Dien Chau district, Nghe An province, far from City. Vinh is about 30km north. Characteristics: This is a sacred temple, worshiping Thuc An Duong Vuong - king of Au Lac country (250 - 208 BC).

From City. Vinh, follow National Highway 1A about 30km north to reach Cuong Temple. Legend has it that after being helped by the Golden Turtle God to build the citadel and make the magic crossbow, Thuc An Duong Vuong was completely caught off guard and fell for Trieu Da's trick. In 208, after capturing the magic crossbow, Trieu Da sent his army to make a surprise attack on Au Lac country. Thuc An Duong Vuong was defeated and had to retreat to the south, when he reached Cua Hien beach (north of the foot of Mo Da mountain). was welcomed by the Golden Turtle God to the Water God. To commemorate Thuc An Duong Vuong, after his death, the people of this area built a temple to worship him in Cua Hien. Even though there is a shrine, every time night falls, a flickering fire appears on the slopes of Mo Da mountain. The people here think that it is the soul of Thuc An Duong Vuong, so they built a temple to worship him at the temple. This is called Cuong Temple. The temple is called Cuong Temple but it means Cong Temple, because Cong in Nghe An means Cuong. Legend has it that in the ancient Mo Da mountain area, many peacocks lived, so Mo Da Mountain looks from afar like a giant dancing peacock (or crane), the bird's head is where Cuong Temple is located. Up to now, there are still no historical documents to determine the exact time of Cuong Temple's construction. However, under the Nguyen Dynasty, the Temple was restored many times, especially in the year of the Rat (1864), King Tu Duc issued a decree to rebuild the Temple on the scale it is today. Cuong Temple is a beautiful, solid architectural work, suitable for the natural conditions in the Central region, surrounded by many green trees. The temple has an architecture in the style of Tam, including three gates, three palaces: Upper, Middle and Lower. The three-entrance gate is massive, with 3 entrances: the middle door has three floors, the two side doors have two floors, these doors are all designed in a rolling arch style. The Upper Palace - where the altar to worship Thuc An Duong Vuong and the Lower Palace - both have a four-roof, match-stacked architecture with a curved blade's head. Particularly, the Central Palace - where the altar to worship Cao Lo, the general who helped King Thuc craft the magical crossbow, is built in the style of a stack of matches with 8 roofs. The buildings are all massive, with big columns and thick, solid walls but not rough because the details and patterns are delicately carved and carved, exuding a gentle and elegant beauty. Cuong Temple also has many precious relics: drums, gongs, worship statues, offerings... This place also preserves many documents in Chinese characters on horizontal panels, columns, and pillars to remind descendants and all people. Always remember King Thuc An Duong Vuong. Cuong Temple Festival takes place from the 14th to 16th of the second lunar month every year and is an opportunity for people in the region as well as tourists from all over to come to the Temple to worship and commemorate the merits of Thuc An Duong Vuong. With activities such as: worshiping gods, carrying palanquins, singing vi, singing Phuong Vai, singing tuong, cheo, lighting fireworks, releasing flower lanterns... will certainly bring many interesting things to visitors.


Pu Mat National Park

Location: Located in 3 districts of Anh Son, Con Cuong and Tuong Duong, Nghe An province. Characteristics: The park has an area of ​​91,113 hectares and is considered the area with the largest natural forest area in Northern Vietnam, recognized by the state as a national park in 2001.




Truong Bon historical relic site

Location: My Son commune, Do Luong district, Nghe An province, about 40km west of Vinh city. Characteristics: A place marking the glorious victories and sacrifices of our army and people in the resistance war against America to save the country.

Truong Bon is a steep pass about 5km long, located on strategic route 15A, also known as road 30, passing through My Son commune. Thanks to the rugged terrain with many mountain ranges along both sides of the road such as Elephant Mountain, Mong Ga Mountain, Flag Pole..., the road through Truong Bon always ensures privacy, safety and is an ideal place to stay. , refuge. During the resistance war against the US to save the country, Truong Bon had a particularly important strategic position, a "unique route", connecting traffic arteries from the northern rear to support human and material resources. Southern battlefield. Discovering the "throat" position of Truong Bon, the US imperialists continuously bombed and destroyed this route. From 1964 to 1968, they rained down on this land 18,936 bombs of all kinds and tens of thousands of missiles; devastated 211 hamlets and villages along the route, killing many local people; destroying hundreds of cars and hundreds of artillery guns of our soldiers. With the spirit of "If the road is not cleared, no blood will be spared", the officers, soldiers, and young volunteers have stuck to their positions day and night, clearing thousands of slow-explosive bombs of all kinds; excavating millions of square meters of soil and rock; brought thousands of motor vehicles through safely; transport and release millions of tons of goods; providing millions of casuarina trees, bamboo poles, and other types of wood to prevent mud and build bridges for vehicles to cross; mobilized thousands of cargo vehicles to pass Truong Bon. To achieve those achievements, it is necessary to mention the solidarity of all forces participating and serving in fighting in Truong Bon. Here, thousands of officers, soldiers, youth volunteers, traffic workers, and self-defense militia were injured and many people heroically fell. On January 12, 1996, Truong Bon relic was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a National Historical Monument. To pay tribute and commemorate the sacrifices of heroic martyrs, and at the same time educate revolutionary traditions for young generations today and tomorrow, on April 19, 2010, the People's Committee of Nghe An province decided to approve Investment project to build works to preserve and embellish Truong Bon historical relic site. Construction started on October 27, 2010 and completed in July 2015, Truong Bon historical relic site has an area of ​​217,327 square meters, including many items, notably the tomb area and shelter. Grave of 13 heroic martyrs and young volunteers who died in the morning bomb attack on October 31, 1968 in Truong Bon. The grave site is nestled next to an old pine hill, this place was formerly a shelter for young volunteers. In front of the grave is the place where the American enemy fiercely attacked and is also where 13 young volunteers fell, forever returning to their motherland on the threshold of their dreams. In the relic area, there is also a memorial house for heroic martyrs who heroically sacrificed their lives in Truong Bon; The traditional gallery recreates realistic and vivid images of the struggle against the US to save the country by the army and people in Truong Bon; Lake regulates landscape - environment; The festival grounds have many works and artifacts commemorating the gratitude of the young soldiers who sacrificed their lives at Truong Bon. In addition, the relic site also restored 03 bomb craters near the graves and bell tower; Large relief with many delicately carved motifs, recreating images of the life, labor and fighting process of officers, soldiers and young volunteers on the route; The memorial to fallen heroes and martyrs with three incense sticks made from monolithic green stone is 27m high and more than 1m in diameter. Around the memorial are two groups of statues and 6 legendary pillars symbolizing the fighting spirit and heroic sacrifice of the youth volunteer force. Truong Bon historical relic site is one of the "red addresses" that attracts a large number of people and tourists every time they have the opportunity to return to Nghe An.


Quyet Mountain tourist area

Location: Quyet Mountain tourist area is located at the foot of Quyet Mountain, Vinh city, Nghe An province. Characteristics: On the way from South to North via Ben Thuy ferry, looking to the west, there is a small mountain range, Ru Quyet, filled with thousands of pine trees and becoming Quyet Mountain forest park, a new type of tourist destination in Nghe An province.




Nam Can border market

Location: The market is located in the west of Nghe An province, bordering the Vietnam - Laos border, on the other side is the country of a Million Elephants. Characteristics: The market is located on a semicircular flat area of ​​land surrounded by Nam Can stream. The market opens at the beginning and middle of the month. Especially if you come here in the spring, you will be able to attend a unique market, imbued with the friendship between Vietnam and Laos.




Qua Son Temple

Location: Qua Son Temple is located at the foot of Qua Mountain, on the bank of Lam River, in Mieu Duong village, Boi Son commune, Do Luong district, Nghe An province, more than 70km northwest of Vinh city. Characteristics: This is the second sacred temple of the four sacred temples in Nghe An province: "Nhat Con, second Qua, third Bach Ma, fourth Chieu Trung".

From City. Vinh, follow Highway 46 (direction of Vinh City - Do Luong town) about 54km to reach Do Luong town, go north along Highway 15 about 3km, turn left about 2km to reach Qua Son Temple. According to the genealogy at Qua Son Temple, under the reign of King Ly Thai Tong (1028 - 1054), Nghe An was an important southern border land of Dai Viet country. Deeply aware of the special position and importance of the land that affects the prosperity and decline of the country, in 1039, the King sent Uy Minh Hau Ly Nhat Quang to Nghe An to take care of tax collection. In 1041, Ly Nhat Quang was officially appointed Tri Chau Nghe An - head of the administrative apparatus in Nghe An at that time. In 1044, King Ly Thai Tong personally went to fight the Champa army. During this war, Uy Minh Hau Ly Nhat Quang was assigned the task of supplying and transporting military provisions from Nghe An's supplies. After returning from defeating Champa, Ly Thai Tong promoted Ly Nhat Quang from the title of Marquis to the title of King and gave Tiet Viet the right to decide all political affairs in Nghe An. At the same time, he issued an edict to Vuong Dong Chinh. Ly Luc and Duc Thanh Vuong (two famous generals from the same father, different mother as Ly Nhat Quang) stayed to assist him. During his years as Tri Chau Nghe An, with his economic talent, strategic vision and correct policies, Ly Nhat Quang proposed progressive policies to develop production and expand trade. , protecting order and security, keeping the land peaceful, especially making Nghe An a land of solid support for later dynasties. With the great contributions of Uy Minh Vuong Ly Nhat Quang, in the spiritual aspect, after his death (1057), Nghe An people built many temples to worship him, of which Qua Son Temple is the main temple. In terms of historical research, historians have highly appreciated him and ranked him on the list of famous people of our country. In the work "Viet Dien U Linh" by Ly Te Xuyen, there are solemn words about Ly Nhat Quang "a great god of reform, honest, incorruptible" and especially about ranking, according to the concept According to Ly Te Xuyen, those gods with greater merit will be ranked first, only after kings and ministers, not according to time, so Uy Minh Vuong Ly Nhat Quang is ranked first. Qua Son Temple - an ancient, massive architectural work consisting of many items, typically: a public-shaped building including the Upper Palace, Middle Palace and Lower Palace connected consecutively - worshiping Uy Minh Vuong Ly Nhat Quang , Left vu worships Dong Chinh Vuong Ly Luc, Right vu worships Duc Thanh Vuong, Uy Minh Vuong Ly Nhat Quang's tomb, stele house, horse house and horse man... Many precious antiques related to the Ly dynasty are preserved here: The unique ancient statue of Uy Minh Vuong Ly Nhat Quang is made of precious wood, lacquered with gold, wearing a golden silk robe, dragon throne, sacrificial weapon, funny nose tile measuring 20 x 30cm, terracotta bricks, Decorative motifs and patterns made of light and hard materials, bronze incense burners, bronze hats, antique wooden and bronze speakers, Champa bronze statues, bronze betel trays, wooden pillars, stones for pillar bases... Enter During the Le Dynasty, Qua Son Temple Festival was considered the most majestic and majestic festival in Nghe An province. Over time, the Festival was interrupted. From 1998 until now, with the help of the Party Committee and Government of Nghe An, the people of Do Luong district solemnly organize the Qua Son Temple Festival from the 19th - 21st of the first lunar month. This is an activity to promote the tradition of remembering the source when drinking water, honoring the great contributions of Uy Minh Vuong Ly Nhat Quang, preserving and preserving traditional folk cultural values, and at the same time, is an opportunity to People across the country have fun, entertain themselves, expand exchanges and satisfy their spiritual needs. Qua Son Temple was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical and cultural relic in 1998.


Buon Jun

Location: Located in Lien Son town, Lak district, Dak Lak province. Characteristics: Nestled on the poetic blue Lak lake, Jun village has the peaceful, pristine beauty of a Central Highlands village, always keeping its traditional identities that have been preserved for many generations.

Coming to Jun village, looking at the stilt houses in the traditional architectural style of the Central Highlands people nestled under the shade of green trees, watching the village girls working hard at the brocade weaving looms... visitors will think that I'm going back in time to the peaceful, poetic scene imbued with legend that once left its mark on ancient epics. Despite experiencing many historical upheavals, Jun village still preserves and promotes the traditional cultural beauty and traditional customs left by its ancestors. The lifestyle and activities of the Jun ethnic people have a unique characteristic that was shaped hundreds of years ago. Returning to Jun village, visitors will be able to ride an elephant to admire the mountains, villages, and vast lake with waves crashing. If you once stay in Jun village, there is nothing more poetic than when you can sit next to the door frame of a stilt house, watching the beautiful moonlit nights like in a fairy tale, the wind blowing from Lak Lake bringing cold caressing your skin. Gathering with everyone around a jar of wine, visitors can hear village elders tell about the legends and myths of this land in its early days. The feeling of ecstasy and lightheadedness caused by the drunkenness of cannabis wine will put visitors into a gentle sleep without even realizing it. Another pleasure when coming to this place is that visitors can row boats on Lak Lake, enjoy bamboo-tube rice and specialties of Lak Lake such as fish, eels, snails and many rustic dishes rich in the flavor of the field. highland countryside. If you come to Jun village during the festival season, you will be immersed in the bustling atmosphere with the echoes of gongs and traditional songs and dances full of lyrical and romantic qualities. Buon Jun is an impressive tourist destination for those who want to learn and explore the cultural beauty of traditional villages in the Central Highlands. We invite you to come to Jun village once because there will be many interesting things waiting for you...


Tham Om Cave

Location: The cave is located in Quy Chau district, Nghe An province. Characteristics: This is a beautiful cave created by nature in a very diverse way.




Bai Lu marine eco-tourism area

Location: Bai Lu marine eco-tourism area is located in Nghi Yen and Nghi Tien communes (Nghi Loc district, Nghe An province), far from City. Vinh is about 20km north of Vinh, about 4km from National Highway 1A. Features: This is an ideal place for tourists to rest and relax in the fresh, cool air of nature.




Thach Dong landscape

Location: Located next to Highway 17, 3km from Ha Tien town. Characteristics: Thach Dong is a giant 80m high green rock shaped like the feathered helmet of a musketeer, growing alone in the middle of a whole area of ​​land.




Phu Quoc prison

Location: An Thoi town, Phu Quoc island district, Kien Giang province, about 30km southeast of Duong Dong town. Characteristics: Phu Quoc Prison is also known as "Hell on Earth" because here, the US-Puppet government used many brutal forms of torture such as crucifixion, barbed wire tiger cages, iron grills, etc. Buried alive... to subdue the fighting will of revolutionary soldiers.

In 1950, the French colonialists built Cay Dua prison in Phu Quoc with an area of ​​about 40 hectares, including four areas A, B, C, D, to detain prisoners of war against the French. In July 1954, after the Geneva Agreement, France returned to the Democratic Republic of Vietnam most of the prisoners in this camp and Cay Dua camp ceased operations. In 1955, Ngo Dinh Diem (the first President of the Republic of Vietnam) renovated the old Cay Dua camp into the main Cay Dua training camp, also known as Cay Dua prison for the purpose of detaining communist prisoners of war. In 1966, the government of the Republic of Vietnam expanded the prison area to 400 hectares with 4 zones: A, B, C, D including 400 prisons and named it the Vietnamese/Phu Quoc Communist POW Prison Camp (called abbreviated as Phu Quoc Prison). By 1972, Phu Quoc prison had 14 zones, each divided into 4 subdivisions, each subdivision had 11 cells. All prison cells have iron truss structures, corrugated iron roofs, and corrugated iron walls. Phu Quoc Prison became the largest prison camp for prisoners of war in the Republic of Vietnam, strictly guarded with 10-15 layers of barbed wire surrounding it, 14 guard forts with machine guns and many mobile guard posts. dynamic. During the period from 1967 to 1973, this place held more than 40,000 prisoners of war, of which more than 4,000 prisoners of war were killed and tens of thousands of prisoners of war were injured and disabled. However, with a heroic spirit and iron will, prisoners of war at Phu Quoc prison successfully organized 42 prison escapes in many forms: jumping over fences, beating escort soldiers when going out to do hard work. , digging underground tunnels to escape... Currently, Phu Quoc prison relics include works such as the fist-shaped monument - symbolizing the courageous spirit of Phu Quoc prisoners of war, rising up to break the shackles, martyrs' cemetery, Artifact display house and outdoor display area. Visiting Phu Quoc prison, visitors will watch documentaries about the prison, observe many models, artifacts, and evidence simulating the brutal torture of communist prisoners. Phu Quoc Prison was ranked a National Historical Monument in 1996 and a Special National Monument in March 2015.


Ha Tien landscape

Location: Ha Tien is a border town, Kien Giang province, 90km by road from Rach Gia city. Characteristics: Ha Tien is a convergence of many scenic spots and charming wild nature: there are deep caves, dangerous caves, many rocky islands in the sea; There are rivers, lakes, pagodas, mausoleums and many beautiful beaches.




Phu Quoc National Park

Location: Phu Quoc National Park is located in the northeast of Phu Quoc island, in the communes: Bai Thom, Cua Duong and Ham Ninh of Phu Quoc island district, Kien Giang province. Characteristics: This is one of the National Parks of the South that still retains its primeval old forest intact. This place also converges many natural beauties with forests, seas, streams, waterfalls and mountains.

When talking about Phu Quoc island, visitors immediately think of an island located in the northwest of Kien Giang province with a complex of landscapes and historical relics, including Phu Quoc National Park - an attractive address. A guide that tourists cannot help but visit every time they go to the island. From Duong Dong town (Phu Quoc), following the Duong Dong - Ham Ninh route, visitors will arrive at Ham Ninh commune. From here, go north of the island about 10km, visitors will reach Phu Quoc National Park. With a total area of ​​over 31,422 hectares, Phu Quoc National Park is divided into 3 functional subdivisions, which are: strict protection subdivision (8,786 hectares), ecological restoration subdivision (22,603 ​​hectares) and administrative subdivision. - services - scientific research (33ha). The flora in Phu Quoc National Park is quite rich. The vegetation here is mainly evergreen forest growing on low mountainous terrain with a total number of up to several hundred species, including: tree species (melaleuca, bean, venereal, dau song nang, dau sand, civet, chestnut, roses, skins, corms,...), precious orchid species (Peacock Orchid, Dep Leaf Orchid, Mountain Yin Orchid...), precious medicinal herbs (polygonum multiflora, cochineal, licorice, mandarin orange, Eucommia, amaryllis...) and some other parasitic species (orchids, ferns, white cotton vines...). Besides a rich flora, the fauna here is also very diverse including: 30 species of mammals, of which 5 species are recorded in the Vietnam Red Book such as: forest wolves, white monkeys, gibbons...; 200 bird species with 4 species recorded in the IUCN Red List and 3 species recorded in the Vietnam Red Book; 50 species of reptiles, of which 9 species are recorded in the IUCN list and 18 species are recorded in the domestic Red Book... The sea part of Phu Quoc is also very diverse with shimmering coral reefs of different shapes and sizes, sparkling in sea water. There are nearly 100 species of hard coral, nearly 20 species of soft coral and 62 species of seaweed. In addition, the fish fauna in the coral reefs is also very abundant with grouper species, butterfly fish and some species of fish. Other species, including some very important and rare species such as giant clams, female snails, hawksbill turtles, dugongs... With a rich forest and marine ecosystem, Phu Quoc National Park is one of the biodiversity centers of our country. Currently, Phu Quoc National Park is being preserved, developed and continues to breed and collect rare and endangered species of wild animals. extinction. Coming to Phu Quoc National Park, visitors have come to an attractive eco-tourism environment. Visitors will have the opportunity to participate in a 4-hour tour to conquer and explore the peak of Nui Chua at an altitude of 565m - considered the roof of Phu Quoc, on the Ham Ninh mountain range. Standing on the top of Nui Chua, visitors can feel the joy of victory and see the vast, vast and vast space; poetic and lyrical scenery of nature. Looking down from here, the National Park looks like a watercolor painting: mixed in with the dark green of the forest leaves and the turquoise blue of the ocean are the pink and purple hues of myrtle flowers, flowers, and flowers. especially the bright red color of the begonia flower - a typical flower in Phu Quoc. Besides, the Garden is also adorned with the pure, pure white color of famous streams originating from the Ham Ninh range such as Tranh stream, Da Ban stream and Da Ngon stream... Among them, the impression is And the most attractive to tourists is probably the beautiful natural scenery where Da Ngon stream with a 7-storey waterfall flows day and night without fatigue. Here, in addition to admiring the charming natural scenery, immersing yourself in the clear blue sea at beautiful and pristine beaches such as Duong beach, Thom beach, or lying back on flat rocks. flat area to listen to the gurgling stream, the chirping of birds calling their flocks and enjoy the faint scent of wild orchids along the stream..., visitors can also go sightseeing, camping, fishing and enjoy other specialties. Products here such as: Phu Quoc wild myrtle wine, grilled bien apricot leprosy, stream fish...


U Minh Thuong National Park

Location: U Minh Thuong National Park is located in U Minh Thuong district, Kien Giang province, about 50km south of Rach Gia city. Characteristics: This is a National Park with unique value in the alum forest type of Vietnam and the world.

Trem River divides U Minh forest into two upper and lower regions. U Minh Thuong forest belongs to Kien Giang province, U Minh Ha forest belongs to Ca Mau province. Due to many reasons, forests are more concentrated in U Minh Thuong and primary forests make up the majority here. From Rach Gia city, visitors can go to U Minh Thuong by road or waterway. If traveling by waterway, visitors cross the Tac Cau - Xeo Ro ferry, then take a boat on the Cai Lon river to reach U Minh Thuong National Park. If traveling by road, following Highway 61 for about 37km, visitors will reach Cai Lon River, from here it only takes about 15 minutes by boat on Cai Lon River to reach U Minh Thuong National Park. Right from the entrance, U Minh Thuong National Park exudes the unique charm of a forest located in a freshwater wetland, which is a combination of mixed melaleuca forests located on peat soil (peat layer here). 1 - 3m thick) of the alum-flooded ecosystem. Here, Melaleuca tree is the most typical tree with a height of about 20m, sparse canopy, small leaves and very fragrant scent. Going a few dozen meters further, visitors will come to Hoa Mai Lake tourist area. Here, visitors can relax and rest in hammocks while admiring the beautiful scenery with flowers and birds, or they can participate in the resort's recreational fishing service. In a cool, airy space, with the chirping sounds of birds, visitors will gift themselves a delicious meal with a plate of fragrant grilled fish served with some specialty vegetables such as: green shoots. Choi, bud, red magic vegetable and spicy tamarind fish sauce,... From Hoa Mai lake, visitors can also visit some other spots of the National Park such as: bat glade, bird glade... Bat glade has an area of ​​about 15 hectares. . This place is a gathering place for thousands of bats and crows. A recent survey shows that this group of bats often goes to eat in Can Tho and returns to reside here. If you stand 3 - 4 meters away from the bat glade, visitors will see bats clinging to the trees like heavy fruit clusters. There are many types of bats living here, of which the most precious is the Thai horse bat. The most interesting thing is probably the distance tourists take from the bat glade to the bird glade. To get here, visitors have to go on a "boat" (boat). The bottom is full of sharp water hyacinths. In many places, the water is so dense that water cannot be seen. The bird sanctuary in the National Park is a very large area with tens of thousands of birds of all kinds gathered here in flocks and flocks such as: water birds, birds with good songs that specialize in eating ripe fruits, insects,... creating a bird sanctuary with rich colors. According to statistics, U Minh Thuong bird garden has the highest number of all bird gardens in the Mekong Delta region. U Minh Thuong Forest is not only a rare flooded primeval forest in the world, but for people in the Southwest region, it is also a historical forest. During the years of resistance against the French and American invaders, U Minh Thuong was the base of the Central Department of the South. This was once the place of activity and fighting of many comrades such as: Le Duan, Le Duc Anh, Vo Van Kiet, Nguyen Tan Dung... and this is also a place of Oc Eo culture such as: Next to Temple, Temple King, Odds One, King Platform


Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc Park

Location: Ganh Dau commune, Phu Quoc island district, Kien Giang province Characteristics: is the first zoo in Vietnam built according to the world wildlife park model

Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc Animal Care and Conservation Park has a total area of ​​nearly 500 hectares, built according to a semi-wild model, in which rare animals are guaranteed to be cared for and preserved in a natural environment. open course. In phase 1, with a scale of 380 hectares, Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc is divided into two main areas: Open zoo and Safari park, gathering about 3,000 individuals, representing for 150 rare animals from around the world. The area is currently nurturing and preserving about 40 rare native species and many wildlife species from typical biogeographic regions in the world such as South Africa, Europe, India, Australia... Built according to Modern model, the house of Vinpearl Safari "residents" is designed semi-open with a surrounding moat, creating a living environment in harmony with nature as well as providing the most realistic and vivid view for tourists. guest. Coming here, visitors will explore the Primate World with the presence of Silver Langurs, Pile Gibbons, Red-faced Monkeys, Ring-tailed Lemurs...; Asian elephants leisurely stroll along the stream banks; The area of ​​ungulate species, typically represented by Arabian gazelle, Oryx, Black gazelle, Gaur...; Or stop to admire the majesty of the Bengal White Tiger, African Lion...; the mischievousness of Dromedary Camels, Striped Hyenas or the lovely laziness of Bears... At the same time, with 3 bird gardens planned according to the theme of Peacock Garden, Stork Garden, Starling Garden and the charm of the Lake flamingos, visiting the open zoo is a particularly interesting journey that brings visitors back to nature to explore the lively life of animals. Stretching over a large area, meeting the strict needs of the world Safari model. Each subdivision in the park is a different habitat system to ensure compatibility with the biological behavior of each species. Without a separate cage system, more than 40 rare animal species can grow and develop freely in the wild. Visitors will be able to travel through the Indian Tiger Reserve, African Rhino Conservation, Kenyan Giraffe Conservation, Congo River Basin... of the Wildlife Park by bus. Specialized in a very interesting way: "people are trapped, animals are free", bringing vivid and realistic experiences about the natural life of all species. What could be more interesting than when visitors can observe with their own eyes the moment the Lions play with each other in the dry grass, the herd of giraffes leisurely crossing the road, the herd of rhinoceroses freely immersing themselves in young mud puddles? the image of waterbucks suddenly perking up their ears in bewilderment when they hear the sound of the "Lord of the Forest" roaring throughout a corner of the forest... It is the open living space here that creates conditions for species to freely express their emotions. instinctive behavior and gives visitors the opportunity to truly experience their wild life. Besides the two main subdivisions, Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc also has other functional subdivisions such as: quarantine barn area, souvenir shopping area and the largest veterinary hospital in Southeast Asia. With the goal of caring for and preserving animals not only in Vietnam but also in the region, Vinpearl Safari Veterinary Hospital currently brings together many leading domestic and international veterinary and wildlife care experts. from South Africa, Australia, India.... Tourists coming here will also experience many periodic performance activities such as: watching performances and taking photos with animals, taking photos with wild animals. mascots, making turtles with artisans, face painting in disguise... In the coming time, Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc Park will continue to welcome more rare animals from regions around the world, promising promises to expand the scale in both types and number of individuals. The birth of Vinpearl Safari Phu Quoc has added an impressive highlight to Phu Quoc tourism, contributing to making Phu Quoc a famous tourist island in the region and the world.


Cuc Phuong National Park

Location: Cuc Phuong National Park is located in Nho Quan district, Ninh Binh province, bordering the three provinces of Ninh Binh, Hoa Binh and Thanh Hoa, more than 100km southwest of Hanoi. Characteristics: Cuc Phuong is Vietnam's first national park, established in July 1962. Cuc Phuong National Park has an extremely rich, diverse and unique flora and fauna.




Thung Nham bird garden eco-tourism area

Location: Ninh Hai commune, Hoa Lu district, Ninh Binh province. Characteristics: This is the home of thousands of bird species.

Thung Nham bird garden eco-tourism area (also known as Thung Chim) is located in the core area of ​​Trang An scenic complex, about 5km south of Tam Coc - Bich Dong tourist area and from Ninh Binh city. about 12km west. Thung Nham is surrounded by the immense green of mountains and forests. At dawn, a thin layer of mist appears in the wild space in Thung Nham, making visitors feel like they are in the middle of a fairyland. Gently waving the oar on the calm water, the boatman will take turns taking tourists to visit interesting destinations in Thung Nham. The first stop is the bird garden, home to 46 species of birds with about 50,000 birds, of which the most common are storks, egrets, teal, teal, warblers, starlings... There are also There are many rare bird species that have been recorded in the Vietnam Red Book such as the lotus, the small cormorant, the flamingo, the phoenix... In the quiet space of heaven and earth, the chirping sounds of all birds ringing out like a symphony. Enjoy bustling and joyful nature. Staying in Thung Nham until about 5 - 6 pm, visitors will witness flocks of birds flying back to their nests, taking up residence in an entire wetland area. The boat continues downstream to take tourists to visit caves located in the heart of limestone mountains such as But cave, Tien Ca cave, Ba Co cave, Thuy Cung cave, Vai Gioi cave... Coming to each cave, tourists Guests will admire the diverse stalactites hanging down from the ceiling of the cave and listen to legends associated with the history of the cave's formation. Leaving the boat on shore, tourists have the opportunity to visit a thousand-year-old bamboo tree growing entirely on a large rock, whose shape and position is considered unique in Vietnam. A special thing tourists should not miss when coming to Thung Nham is visiting the "moving" banyan tree at Goi Dai temple. The tree belongs to the green and xi family and according to scientists, every more than 300 years, the position of the tree changes due to the additional development of the secondary root system. In addition, in Thung Nham there is also strip of primeval forest with a diverse ecosystem, home to 109 plant species, 150 animal species, including many rare species that need to be preserved; garden with many typical tropical fruits such as guava, apple, star fruit, mango, custard apple, persimmon... After the journey to discover the beauty of Thung Nham, visitors can rest in the stilt houses located hidden under the green forest canopy; Enjoy many rustic country dishes such as armpit pig, hill chicken, lake fish, goat meat, scorched rice, bamboo shoots... in the quiet, peaceful and quiet space of the mountains and forests. This is also a suitable location for climbing, camping, fishing, weekend relaxation activities... With beautiful landscape, Thung Nham is an attractive destination, attracting domestic and foreign tourists. Late summer and early autumn is the most ideal time for visitors to enjoy the beautiful pristine natural picture of this charming country. From Nhung Nham, visitors can also link to other attractions such as Bich Dong Pagoda, Tam Coc landscape, Thien Ha cave...


Kenh Ga hot spring

Location: Kenh Ga Hot Springs is located in Kenh Ga village, Gia Thinh commune, Gia Vien district, Ninh Binh province, far from City. Ninh Binh 15km north. Characteristics: The stream flows from the heart of a mountain located in Kenh Ga floating village, this is an eco-tourism, relaxation and medical destination that attracts many tourists.




Phat Diem Cathedral

Location: Phat Diem Cathedral is located in Phat Diem town, Kim Son district, Ninh Binh province. Characteristics: This is a church with bold Eastern architecture.




Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve

Location: Van Long Wetland Nature Reserve is located in Gia Vien district, Ninh Binh province, 90km south of Hanoi. Characteristics: Van Long is not only a wetland nature reserve but also has cultural relics.




Thien Ha Cave

Location: Dong Tam village, Son Ha commune, Nho Quan district, Ninh Binh province Characteristics: is a beautiful scenic spot in the core area of ​​the World Cultural and Natural Heritage of Trang An Scenic Landscape Complex

To explore the beauty inside Thien Ha cave, visitors move from Muong Tho Ha village (Son Ha commune), follow a small canal about 1km long in the Ben Dang river system, then continue walking on the river. 500m long stone road along the foot of Tuong mountain to reach the cave. The cave entrance is about 4 meters high with countless stalactites of various shapes and sizes, illuminated by a beautiful strip of light right at the entrance. The entire Thien Ha cave is about 700m long, including both dry and water caves. The dry cave part is the highest and widest place in Thien Ha cave, with a base of about 40m wide and 200m long. Inside is a system of stalactites with different shapes that evoke human imagination such as: images of Buddha, castles, animals, propellers, human ears... In addition, the dry cave also has a door leading up to the cave. the southern ridge, called Gieng Sky. The skylight is wide and nearly 3 meters high, and natural light shines down to the bottom, making the space open and airy. On sunny days, light reflects on the stalactites, radiating sparkling colors. purple, while yellow is very vivid. Through the dry cave to the water cave with a length of 500m, visitors take a boat on the underground river that people here call the Milky Way to admire countless colorful shimmering stalactites with names: Hoa Tien island, Breast milk, fish turning into dragons... make visitors feel like they are lost in a fairyland. In particular, Thien Ha cave still retains its wild beauty and is home to tens of thousands of bats. Here, scientists have found traces of ancient Vietnamese people with mollusk shells and tools. carved rocks, fragments of magma groups, bones of terrestrial animals... The cultural layer preserved almost intact in Thien Ha cave shows a vivid picture of the life of ancient Vietnamese people with adaptations. and the creativity of pre- and post-marine cultural inhabitants who advanced through the receding sea period during the Neolithic period. With its magical and magnificent beauty, Thien Ha cave is the highlight of cave tourism in Ninh Binh for tourists to explore and admire.


Ponagar tower

Location: Po Nagar Tower is located on a small hill, next to the Cai River estuary and National Highway 1A, in Vinh Phuoc ward, north of Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Po Nagar Tower is a typical work of Cham ethnic architectural and sculptural art, which has existed for over 10 centuries.




Van Phong Bay

Location: Van Phong Bay is in Van Ninh district, Khanh Hoa province, about 80km north of Nha Trang city. Characteristics: This is truly a natural wonder with a temperate climate, beautiful beaches, fine sand, and majestic mountains and hills surrounding it.




Nha Trang bay

Location: Located in Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Nha Trang Bay is airtight with gentle ocean waves, clear blue beaches and fresh air, an attractive tourist destination for domestic and foreign tourists.

With an area of ​​about 507km², including 19 large and small islands, Nha Trang Bay is one of the rare natural models of bay and bay systems in the world, gathering most of the typical and rare ecosystems of the region. Tropical seas such as coral reefs, mangrove forests, seagrass beds... With a diverse ecosystem, Nha Trang Bay becomes an ideal habitat for rare animals with high economic value such as swiftlets, hawksbill turtles, red coral, yellow-lipped pearl oysters, golden snails, oval abalone... The climate in the bay is divided into two distinct seasons, the dry season lasts from January to August, the rainy season from September to December with an average annual temperature of 26°C. Many islands in the bay have been put into tourism exploitation such as Hon Chong, Bai Tru, Hon Tre, Bich Dam, Hon Mun, Hon Tam... Among them, - the largest island in the bay with an area of ​​over 3,000 hectares is a place that attracts many people. The most popular resort system - world-class 5-star golf course, Vinpearl Land amusement park and the world's longest sea-crossing cable car line at the time of inauguration (March 2007) with a length of 3,320 meters. m . Visitors to Hon Tre not only have the opportunity to relax and swim, but also have the opportunity to experience culinary services, shopping and entertainment and sports activities such as aquariums, water music, and water parks. , thrilling games, indoor games, windsurfing, water polo, jet skiing, scuba diving... is also a destination not to be missed by tourists when coming to Nha Trang. The seabed in Hon Mun area has high biodiversity, home to many marine species, especially corals with about 350 species, accounting for more than 40% of the total number of hard coral species in the world. Hon Mun's waters have been planned into Vietnam's first marine protected area. Coming here, visitors can scuba dive to see coral, take a glass-bottomed boat or walk on the seabed to see the beautiful water world of Nha Trang sea. Hon Mun is also the location chosen by many couples to take underwater wedding photos. It is also an ideal location for recreation, entertainment and relaxation activities for tourists. Hon Tam tourist area was built on the island, providing many villas with Asian colors and a multi-service system serving entertainment needs such as skydiving, jet skiing, windsurfing, sailing, etc. high-speed motorbikes... Tri Nguyen aquarium tourist area is an interesting destination for those who love marine creatures. This is a lake area on the sea that is separated by a stone revetment system. The lake is stocked with hundreds of rare and beautiful marine creatures like a living museum of the sea. In the Tri Nguyen aquarium tourist area, there is also Tri Nguyen Aquarium - a miniature ocean with many species of rare fish and marine plants, designed in the shape of a fossil ship covered with moss. A few hundred meters from Tri Nguyen aquarium tourist area is Soi beach, which provides fun and entertaining activities for tourists such as: jet skiing, parasailing, scuba diving... When mentioning Nha Trang, it is impossible not to mention it. Bird's nest specialty. Many islands in Nha Trang Bay are home to bird nests, the most famous of which is . Coming to Noi island, visitors can visit the temple of the ancestors of the bird's nest profession to learn about the history of formation and development of the bird's nest profession, and follow the stone steps to the top of Du Ha mountain, about 90m high, to record beautiful images of nature. Bird's nest island course. Hon Noi also has Double beach which is made up of a sand bar curved on both sides like two letters C leaning back against each other. The sea here is calm, the water is clear jade. Visitors can enjoy swimming, watching coral and many colorful fish species. After the journey to discover interesting things on Noi Island, visitors can enjoy dishes made from bird's nests at the restaurant on the island and buy many bird's nest products as gifts such as: whole bird's nests, Refined bird's nest, Sanest premium bird's nest water, ginseng bird's nest water... In June 2003, Nha Trang Bay became the 29th member of the club of the most beautiful bays in the world.


Nha Trang Stone Church

Location: located on Bong mountain at an average height of 12m above the residential area, in the center of Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: It is a Catholic church with unique French-style architecture.

Nha Trang Stone Church, officially called Christ the King Cathedral, was started construction by French priest Louis Vallet, the administrator of the community in Nha Trang area (belonging to Cho Moi - Ngoc Hoi Parish). Technical advice from architect Nesty on September 3, 1928. In May 1933, the church was dedicated and inaugurated. The main materials for building the church are reinforced concrete and split stone, creating a solid, sturdy layout with gradually smaller cubes, rising from low to high. The highest point of the church is the top of the bell tower, where the cross is placed (38m high from the street level). On the bell tower there is also a set of bronze bells manufactured and supplied by the famous French bell company Bourdon Carillond; In addition, there is also a large clock with 4 faces facing 4 directions. The church has an area of ​​720 square meters, with Gothic architectural style (France) with the most prominent feature being the curved, wide, zone-shaped arches facing the sky. Decorative patterns use straight lines, arranged harmoniously, creating a simple yet dignified beauty. Besides, to effectively exploit sunlight, many types of blue and red glass have been installed in the arches and rose doors of the church, creating a brilliant and luxurious beauty. Along the path to the church on top of Bong Mountain are small boxes built into the stone wall containing the remains of the deceased on the right side. On the left side extending to the front of the church is a cluster of statues of the 14 Stations of the Cross, statues of the 12 apostles and statues of Christ the King, statues of 24 saints, including the statue of the Resurrection Lord, creating a statue garden. rich and unique. Nha Trang Stone Church was chosen as the Cathedral of Nha Trang diocese. The church is not just a place for the city's parishioners. Nha Trang comes to attend ceremonies and pray but is also a destination that attracts tourists.


Thap Ba Nha Trang Hot Springs Tourist Center

Location: Thap Ba Nha Trang Hot Springs Tourism Center is located at 15 Ngoc Son, Ngoc Hiep, about 4km north of Nha Trang city center. Characteristics: This is a unique type of health care service. The service system is rich and diverse, visitors can easily choose a suitable service for themselves.

Located behind the ancient Ponagar Tower, on a 3-hectare campus, Thap Ba Hot Springs Tourist Center - Nha Trang is created by a charming mountain and river landscape and covered with eucalyptus forests, hills of fruit trees and wildflowers. peaceful and poetic nature. Thap Ba Hot Springs Nha Trang is proud to be the place to share with the community this priceless natural gift, a new color that contributes to brightening the tourism picture of Nha Trang - Khanh Hoa - Vietnam. Today, in the world, mineral mud baths are considered the most effective natural health care and skin beauty therapy. With proven effectiveness not only in serving relaxation, but also in treating bone and joint diseases: gout, skin diseases, eczema, psoriasis and diseases of the nervous system. The service system at Thap Ba Hot Springs is always upgraded, renewed and diversified so that every visitor can choose a suitable service for themselves and enjoy wonderful care from nature. course as service:


Aquarium Institute

Location: Institute of Oceanography is located on a high, spacious plot of land at No. 1, Cau Da, Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Established in 1923, it is one of the earliest scientific research facilities in Vietnam and is considered the largest marine research and artifact storage facility in Southeast Asia.




Con Se Tre tourist area

Location: Con Se Tre tourist area is located south of Hon Tre island in Nha Trang bay, Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province, opposite and 3km from Nha Trang coast. Characteristics: From a rocky island, Con Se Tre was built into a poetic tourist area in Nha Trang.




Hon Ngoc Viet tourist area

Location: Hon Ngoc Viet tourist area - VinPearl international tourism and entertainment complex, located in the north of Hon Tre island, in Vinh Nguyen ward, Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors not only have the opportunity to relax and swim at the beach, but also have the opportunity to take care of their health and participate in art, recreation, entertainment, tourism and sports activities...

Hon Tre Island is known for its beautiful, pristine beaches with cool, clear blue water, with smooth white sand blending into the vast, poetic natural scenery. On the beaches there are rows of leaf huts where visitors can sunbathe. Visitors can also participate in sea sports such as windsurfing, water polo, jet skiing, scuba diving... Hon Ngoc Viet is a 5-star international standard beach resort, one of the most modern in Vietnam. This place attracts tourists not only because of relaxation and swimming, but also because of the beautiful and comfortable infrastructure system with charming feng shui: back against the mountain, facing the sea, along with health care services and other amenities. Artistic activities, recreation, entertainment, tourism combined with sports for many different ages. The outdoor art performance area has a canopy of thousands of seats with excellent sound and lighting, where nightly water music shows are performed; Shopping street and craft village with more than 100 large and small stalls displaying high-end items, souvenirs, necessary items for beach fun and handicraft items such as: hand-embroidered paintings, wickerwork, wooden furniture, fine art ceramics...; Vietnam Sea Cuisine Center with a variety of dishes, giving visitors the opportunity to enjoy a variety of dishes from high-end to popular; Multi-purpose conference building with a capacity of more than 1,000 people, used as a cinema, theater, conference house, seminar...; Very impressive water park with a river more than 1,000m long running through the Ocean area school, scuba diving area and Vietnamese historical reconstruction area; The largest Spa area in Vietnam with an area of ​​over 10,000 square meters located in a bamboo forest with therapists with unique wooden roofs, is a treatment area for beauty care, health care and mental relaxation. very popular with tourists; In particular, this place has an artificial mountain (interior usable area of ​​more than 4,000 square meters) with a system of 3 4D cinema rooms, an electric car area, the world's most modern game rooms and games. Thrilling rides such as ferris wheel, acrobatics, high-speed trains... All have made Hon Ngoc Viet modern, diverse, lyrical, with a unique mark, and a tourist highlight of Khanh Hoa. in particular and the country in general, is an ideal destination for domestic and foreign tourists. In recent years, Hon Ngoc Viet has always been chosen as the venue for seminars, conferences, and cultural and festival programs of national and international level. In particular, in 2008, Hon Ngoc Viet was the venue for the first Miss Universe contest held in Vietnam.


Tri Nguyen Aquarium tourist area

Location: located on Bong Nguyen island (also known as Hon Mieu) in Nha Trang Bay, Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province, 5km south of Nha Trang city center. Characteristics: The tourist area is a collection of marine species in an open model.

After about half an hour by motorboat from Cau Da port, visitors will arrive at Tri Nguyen aquarium tourist area. Coming here, visitors can walk around the lake or sit in the breeze right on the boat, observing the activities of colorful sea creatures. The fish pond system here is a lake area on the sea divided by a system of coral rock embankments high enough so that the water level in the lake is always equal to sea level, divided into 4 areas, with an area of ​​​​from 150 - 200m², of which the largest lake and the one that raises the most types of fish is up to 3 hectares wide. The paths between the lakes are paved with stone or concrete. Along the path around the lake, many types of plants are planted such as white porcelain, royal orchid, casuarina, round-leaved almond... The first lake is an outdoor lake - a place to raise familiar fish such as mackerel, tuna, and fish. Scads, stingrays... Hidden in the caves are squids and lobsters, some weighing up to 3kg. The second lake is an indoor lake, raising small but most precious and valuable fish. The third lake raises hawksbill turtles and sea turtles, including turtles weighing more than 100kg. The fourth lake is the largest, adjacent to the foothills and the sea, where all kinds of fish are raised, from small ones like anchovies to fish weighing several hundred kilograms. In this fish pond system, there are also strange and rare fish species such as seahorses, Japanese carp, Napoleon pomfret, Picasso fish... This place is like a miniature ocean, not only giving visitors relaxing moments. relaxation and entertainment but also an opportunity to learn more about the life of marine species. After visiting the fish pond system in the basement, visitors continue to the 1st floor to buy souvenirs or enjoy specialties at the restaurant on the 2nd floor. What is interesting is that all 3 floors of the sightseeing area This is located in a unique architecture designed like an ancient ship, 60m long and 30m high. On the ship's deck there are models of masts and cannons. This is an ideal location for tourists to admire the seascape of Nha Trang Bay. A few hundred meters from Tri Nguyen aquarium tourist area is Soi beach - a beach that still retains its wild appearance with the sea in front and the forest behind with many giant trees and vines. This is a suitable place for fun and entertainment activities for tourists.


Dien Khanh Temple of Literature

Location: Dien Khanh Temple of Literature is located in Phu Loc Tay cluster, Dien Khanh town, Dien Khanh district, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Built according to previous Confucian traditions, to recognize the merits of those who are talented, study well, and have passed the exam.




Temple of Tran Quy Cap

Location: Tran Quy Cap temple is located next to Song Can bridge, in Dien Khanh town, Dien Khanh district, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: The Temple of Tran Quy Cap was built on a piece of land commonly known as the Killing Mound (this mound got its name from when Mr. Tran Quy Cap lay down).




Dien Khanh ancient citadel

Location: Dien Khanh Ancient Citadel is located in Dien Khanh town, Dien Khanh district, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Dien Khanh Citadel was built by Lord Nguyen Anh in 1793, with an area of ​​about 36,000 square meters, and is a military architectural complex in the Vauban style, a popular military citadel model in the 17th - 18th centuries in the West. Europe.




Suoi Hoa Lan eco-tourism area

Location: Hoa Lan Stream eco-tourism area (also known as Tu Si Stream) is located in Ninh Phu commune, Ninh Hoa district, Khanh Hoa province, about 18km north of Nha Trang city. Characteristics: Coming to Suoi Hoa Lan eco-tourism area, visitors will admire the natural beauty of the sea and breathe the fresh air of forests and waterfalls.




Dam Mon Peninsula

Location: Dam Mon is located in Van Phong Bay, Van Thanh commune, Van Ninh district, Khanh Hoa province, about 80km from Nha Trang city along National Highway 1A to the north (45km by sea). Characteristics: Dam Mon peninsula is attractive because of its long sand dunes, about 20 large and small islands with primeval forests, strange and unique things in Dam Mon fishing village...




Vo Canh Beer

Location: In Vo Canh village west of Nha Trang city, Khanh Hoa province. Characteristics: Vo Canh stele dates back to the late 2nd and early 3rd centuries and is considered the first inscription in Sanskrit in Southeast Asia.




Vinh Hy tourist area

Location: Vinh Hy belongs to Vinh Hai commune, Ninh Hai district, Ninh Thuan province. Characteristics: Vinh Hy is considered a place connecting the forest with the sea. Here there is the fishing village of Vinh Hy, next to it is the oasis of Vinh Hy, captivated by its rugged terrain, with one side being the sea and three sides vast mountain forests.

Departing from Phan Rang town along provincial road 702, visitors will pass through passes through apricot forests and yellow-leafed palm trees, typical of the hot and dry climate in the southernmost region. Somewhere a fishing village appears, erasing the stillness of the area. mountains. Visitors can explore Vinh Hy Bay with a light boat that can carry 4 people. Rowing along the cliffs to the sea, guests will be able to visit the entire bay. In the middle of the calm blue water, flocks of sea urchins boldly swim around the boat. Far away to the south are sand bars running long, hugging the coastline. After exploring, visitors can immerse themselves in the pristine, deserted beach or go to the fishing village and learn about their activities of making fish sauce, steaming fish and pulling nets with fishermen, enjoying marine specialties. Leaving the bay, cross a suspension bridge and after 15 minutes of walking, you will meet the Nui Chua nature reserve. The interesting tour will take visitors to the cool water of Lo O stream, originating from small streams, wriggling in forest crevices and then gathering here. On both sides of the stream are flat rocks, shaded by dense canopy of ancient trees. On clear days, sunlight is refracted by water bubbles in the air, creating a very interesting rainbow.


Hoa Lai Tower

Location: Hoa Lai Tower is located in Ba Thap village, Tan Hai commune, Ninh Hai district, Ninh Thuan province. Characteristics: The tower was built in the early 9th century, previously consisting of 3 towers, but the remaining 2 towers are the North tower and the South tower.




Porome Tower

Location: Porome Tower is located in Hau Sanh village, Phuoc Huu commune, Ninh Phuoc district, Ninh Thuan province. Characteristics: Porome Tower is considered an imperfect copy of Poklong Garai Tower. The project is a complex of two towers: the main tower worships King Porome and the secondary tower worships the Queen.




Ca Na tourist village

Location: Ca Na tourist village is located close to the coast, 32km from Phan Rang-Thap Cham city, 114km from Phan Thiet city. Characteristics: Ca Na tourist village has its back against the mountain, facing the sea, very convenient for tourists traveling by road and rail.

The air is fresh and cool, tourists ride horse-drawn carriages to the sights of Ca Na, Mui Dinh, and caves: Ong Phat cave, Ong Nong rapids, Duc well, and Silver mountain. Guests can participate in mountain climbing or go to the forest for a walk, swim in the sea, canoe on the sea to admire the cloudy sky, blue water and mountain scenery. A tourist village with small houses comfortable enough for 2 or 4 people to stay has sprung up close to the sea, forming a Ca Na tourist village.


Pho Hien

Location: Pho Hien, Hung Yen city, Hung Yen province. Characteristics: Hien Street is famous for being a trading port since the 13th century. Today, Hien Street still preserves an ancient architectural complex and a famous specialty is Hien Street longan - Hung Yen.




Chu Dong Tu Temple

Location: Chu Dong Tu Temple includes 2 temples: Da Hoa temple in Da Hoa village, Binh Minh commune, and Da Trach temple in Yen Vinh village, Da Trach commune, Khoai Chau district, Hung Yen province. Characteristics: Both temples worship Saint Chu Dong Tu and his two wives.

Chu Dong Tu temples are located in many places in Vietnam. In Khoai Chau district, Hung Yen province, about 25km from Hanoi along the Red River dyke, there are two temples worshiping Saint Chu Dong Tu, one temple is located in Da Hoa village, Binh Minh commune, overlooking the Red River. Tu Nhien beach where the beautiful princess Tien Dung, daughter of the 18th Hung King, met and fell in love with the poor Chu; The second temple is located in Yen Vinh village, Da Trach commune, where Chu and his two wives ascended to heaven. Although the two temples both worship Saint Chu Dong Tu and his two wives, their architectural designs are traditional but there are significant differences. Da Hoa temple (classified as a cultural relic by the state in 1962) is located on a high, wide, flat rectangular area of ​​land with an area of ​​18,720m², beautiful landscape, facing west looking straight to the beach. Nature. The overall architecture has 18 ancient tile-roofed houses like 18 curved-nosed boats symbolizing the 18 generations of Hung Kings. Ngo Mon has 3 gates. The main door is a tall and wide three-compartment building, with two dragons flanking the moon on the top of the roof (only open during the grand ceremony). Two side doors to welcome guests from near and far. Passing through the Dai yard is the Dai Te, Thieu Huong Court, the Second Palace, the Third Palace and finally the Hau Palace. Thieu Huong Court has high, airy and solemn architecture. The knife heads and roof edges are intricately carved, meticulously carved, brightly colored, and have many other decorative figures such as dragons and lions. The hammock doors in the Second Palace are all carved with images of phoenixes, chrysanthemums, and fruits painted with gorgeous gold and vermilion. In particular, the statues of Saint Chu Dong Tu and his wife are cast in very beautiful bronze. Currently, Da Hoa Temple still preserves many rare relics, including a pair of Bach Tho jars (one hundred words of Tho, no two letters are the same, engraved on the ceramic jar), a priceless antique of the nation. . Da Trach Temple is located in an open space next to Da Trach lagoon (classified as a monument by the state in 1989). The main structure from outside to inside includes a bell tower, a semicircular lake, and across the yard is a shrine consisting of three buildings. The entire interior, exterior, and architecture of the temple exudes ancient and sacred features. Chu Dong Tu Festival is held from the 10th to the 12th of the second lunar month every year at both temples.


Hien Pagoda

Location: Hien Pagoda is located on Pho Hien Ha, now Pho Hien street, Hong Chau ward, Hung Yen town, Hung Yen province. Characteristics: Legend has it that the pagoda was built during the Tran Dynasty by To Hien Thanh, a mandarin of the Hung Cong Ly Dynasty. Hien Pagoda has the Chinese name "Thien Ung Tu" after the Thien Ung era of King Tran Thai Tong (1232-1250).




Dau An Temple

Location: An Xa village, An Vien commune, Tien Lu district, Hung Yen province, far from the city. Hung Yen is about 12 km to the northeast. Characteristics: The temple was built in the architectural style of communal houses and temples of the Northern Delta region, worshiping the Jade Emperor, the Five Elders and the Heavenly and Earthly Immortals.

From Hanoi, follow Highway 5 about 28km east to Pho Noi town, then turn right along Highway 39 about 20km south, visitors will arrive at Gao Market (Hung Yen City). From here, turn left onto Giac street and go about 12km to Dau An temple. According to legends kept at the temple, in the past, Cha Xa village (An Xa today) was a swampy, desolate land with many wild animals. In the second year BC, the Jade Emperor sent Heavenly Immortal, Earth Immortal and Five Elder Immortals to the earth to guide the good people to kill wild animals, explore this swampy area to grow wet rice, and at the same time build Thuy Ung Quan temple to Pray to God for good rain, peaceful winds, and good harvests. To commemorate the Jade Emperor's gratitude, the local people restored and expanded the temple into Dau An temple to worship their predecessors. The Dinh-shaped temple is located on a dragon-shaped land with an area of ​​about 2.2 hectares, surrounded by green trees and a lake forming a place where Water gathers. The temple consists of 3 main structures: Thuong temple (main temple), Council temple and Thanh Mau temple. Among them, Thuong Temple is a unique Dinh-shaped architectural work, consisting of 3 buildings: the Pre-Temple, the Upper Palace and the Rear Palace. Most of the temple's architecture is made of ironwood, especially the First and Second palaces of the temple. The Upper Palace is built of monolithic stone with intricate carvings of dragons and phoenixes. In addition to its ancient and unique architecture, Dau An Temple also preserves many ancient relics with artistic and religious value, typically: the 9-storey terracotta Cuu Trung tower built during the Ly - Tran dynasties. with motifs imbued with Cham culture such as: lotus petals, Gara god bird... This is the symbol of the nine clouds in Heaven, the place of harmony between heaven and earth, the path to "ascension to heaven, descent to earth". " of the Jade Emperor and the gods. In addition to the ancient tower, the temple also has a terracotta incense burner (lotus pedestal) also built in the Ly - Tran dynasties, a bronze bell in the 35th year of Canh Hung (1774), The ancient stone inauguration ceremony of the Le dynasty and two stone stele of the Ly and Nguyen dynasties record the time the temple was built and the people who were instrumental in embellishing and restoring the temple. Every year, from the 6th - 12th day of the 4th lunar month, the people of An Xa village organize the traditional festival of Dau An temple to pay tribute to the merits of their predecessors. In addition to the main sacrificial rituals (incense offering, palanquin procession), the festival also has many attractive games such as cockfighting, Chinese chess, Quan Ho singing..., including the game "fighting the tiger" or "fighting the tiger". called "smudging" with bold traditional folk colors. Dau An Temple was ranked a national historical and cultural relic by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) in 1998.


Ne Chau Pagoda

Location: Located on Pho Hien street, HongNam commune, Hung Yen city, Hung Yen province. Characteristics: Ne Chau Pagoda is associated with the name of Mrs. Nguyen Thi Ngoc Thanh, wife of King Le Dai Hanh.

Ne Chau Pagoda's literal name is "Thuy Ung Tu" (Thuy Ung Pagoda), built in the Early Le Dynasty (10th century). Legend has it that when Le Hoan stationed troops to fight foreign invaders of the Song Dynasty in Ne Chau, he ordered people to build a pagoda. When the pagoda was built, Le Hoan said: whichever village has enough money to pay the workers, the pagoda will belong to that village. Thanks to the help of Ms. Nguyen Thi Ngoc Thanh's family (from Ne Chau village), the Ne Chau villagers had enough money to pay the workers, so the pagoda belonged to the village from then on. Seeing Ms. Ngoc Thanh as beautiful, Le Hoan married her. During this time, she made many efforts to help Le Hoan's insurgent army defeat the Song Dynasty invaders. When Le Hoan ascended the throne, she did not follow the king to Hoa Lu but asked to stay in her hometown to take care of her elderly parents. After her death, the king built a temple opposite Ne Chau pagoda and ordained as "Empress Ngoc Thanh". The pagoda has been restored and embellished many times, most recently in 2005 within the framework of the Pho Hien ancient relics phase II project. In this restoration, the pagoda was restored according to the original, in the style of "Foreign Internal Cong" with many items, of which 3 outstanding items are: the Front House, the Upper Palace and two corridors. Tien Duong House is 15m long, 5m wide, consists of 7 compartments, and is designed in a simple truss style. On both sides of the gable of the Tien Duong house, there are two bronze columns 3.5m high, on top of the pillars are two pigs facing each other. Above, in the middle of the roof, there are three Chinese characters "Thuy Ung Tu" embossed. All decorative patterns in the Tien Duong house are carved with images of two dragons flanking the moon and stylized flowers and leaves, imbued with the culture of the Le Dynasty. Next to the Tien Duong house is the Upper Palace, 12m long and 5m wide, with the same architectural style as the Tien Duong house. Inside the Upper Palace, there are beautiful worship statues with high sculptural value, of which the most prominent are the Tam The statues and the Tuyet Son statues. The statue of Tam The is carved from wood, in a meditating position on a lotus flower, with a kindly smiling face. The sides of the lotus are engraved with images of flowers and some Buddhist stories. Notably, all three Tam The statues lean back on a wooden leaf shaped like a tablet. Unlike the Tam The statue, the Tuyet Son statue is carved in a contemplative sitting position, with both hands clasped on the knees. This is an ancient statue from the Le Dynasty, the embodiment of Shakyamuni Buddha during his cultivation period on Tuyet Son Mountain. The two corridors of the pagoda are located symmetrically, containing hundreds of statues with different postures and facial expressions, fully depicting Buddhist stories. In 1992, Ne Chau Pagoda was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical and cultural relic.


Mau Temple

Location: Bai Say Street, Quang Trung Ward, Hung Yen City Features: Worshiping Lady Duong Thien Hau (Noble of the Duong family)

Mother Temple is a beautiful scenic spot of Pho Hien, "The number one scenic spot of Pho Hien". The temple was built on the "Crouching Dragon" land overlooking the Crescent Lake with a spacious space, creating the "Son Dieu Thuy" position. The temple worships Mrs. Duong Quy Phi, known as Duong Thien Hau. According to history books and Ngoc Pha, she was the wife of King Song De Binh. In 1279, the Yuan army invaded the Song country, the King and his royal family boarded boats and fled to the South. On the way, they were captured by Yuan general Truong Hoang Pham. King Song and a number of concubines who refused to surrender jumped into the sea to die. Duong Quy Phi's body floated to the sand, and the people carefully buried him and built a temple. From Tam Quan, go to the yard, where there are banyan trees and ancient sycamore trees that are 700 years old, entwined with each other, creating luxuriant shadows, adding to the solemn and secluded look. The Dai Bai building's architecture is in the style of eight dragon-scale tiled roofs, the roofs are softly curved like a flanking dragon. The beams, lotuses, and pillars are carved in the shape of leaves, flowers, dragons, phoenixes, and the traps are carved in the shape of dragon heads. On both sides of the great hall are Luu Ly Palace and Quang Han Palace. Over the dynasties, the temple was renovated and conferred many times. In the 8th year of Thanh Thai, the temple was restored on a large scale and has the architecture it has today. The temple's Tam Quan gate is built in a double-match architecture with two floors and eight roofs with softly curved blades. The door is built with a rolling arch, the two pillars on top are covered with two crocodiles flanking the door. On the arch, there are several large letters "Duong Thien Hau - Song Trieu" in seal font and the four words "Thien Ha Mother Nghi". Inside the Tam Quan gate, there are also some big words "Hoa Duong Dong" and "Van Co Huong". The Tien Duong court consists of 3 compartments with the architectural style of stacking lotus mats, splendid with horizontal panels, parallel sentences, sacrificial objects, canopies, flags, robes, weapon racks, palanquins, bowls, and dragon communal houses. Brilliant golden lipstick paint. The roof is decorated with the image of "Two dragons flanking the moon", dragon blades flanking, and phoenix dancing, very beautiful and sophisticated. Connecting the Front Hall is the Back Palace, with 5 architectural compartments in the style of stacking two pillars with 12 female columns, 6 military columns, walls carved with soft flowers and leaves, and a set of table doors carved with chrysanthemums. Under the dim light of candles and incense smoke, the originally quiet space here becomes more sacred and mysterious. Mau Temple was ranked as a cultural and historical relic - national level on March 30, 1990. Mau Temple is truly a beautiful architectural work, a historical and cultural relic that is both majestic, ancient and close. with the people. The Mau Temple Festival is held very solemnly from the 10th to the 15th of the third lunar month every year, eagerly attended by people inside and outside the region.


Genh Temple

Location: Ngoc Quynh village, Nhu Quynh commune, Van Lam district, Hung Yen province Characteristics: Worshiping Queen Mother Y Lan, a talented woman who made contributions to the people and the country during the Ly Dynasty.

Ghenh Temple is located in Ngoc Quynh village and was built in the year of the Goat (1115). Queen Mother Y Lan, commonly known as Le Thi Khiet, was born on March 7, 1044 (Giap Than) in Tho Loi village (also known as Ghenh Sui village), Thuan An district, ancient Kinh Bac envoy, now the Ngoc Quynh village, Nhu Quynh commune. Although she came from a working-class family, she soon became famous as a smart and beautiful person. When she was 18 years old, King Ly Thanh Tong was on a tour through this area. He met her weeding in the mulberry field. After talking to her, he saw that she was a smart, beautiful and gentle person. The king took her back to Thang Long. Long and appointed her Lady Y Lan. She gave birth to the King's two sons, Ly Can Duc and Ly Minh Nhan. Ly Can Duc later succeeded the King with the name Ly Nhan Tong. The king appointed Lady Y Lan the title of Concubine and changed the name of the village from Tho Loi to Sieu Loai. She is the only woman in the country who has twice ruled the country as regent in place of the king. That was in 1069, she was only 25 years old, King Ly Thanh Tong was busy fighting on the border. She and his ministers proposed decisive and bold plans to overcome famine, boost production, and punish people. To control the rebels, he decided to take advantage of the king's opportunity to fight the enemy to compete for the throne. In 1072, King Ly Thanh Tong suddenly passed away, the Crown Prince who succeeded him was still young. She, the Queen Mother, once again replaced the King and Lieutenant Ly Thuong Kiet to maintain court order and crush the invasion plot. strategy of the Song army. She was instrumental in bringing folk songs and dances to the royal court, building dikes to prevent floods, encouraging the development of agriculture, irrigation, developing handicrafts, and issuing a decree banning the killing of buffaloes and cows for plowing. Policy to develop silkworm farming and weaving. She cared about the poor, took money from the royal treasury to ransom the poor girls who sold themselves to be servants, and then married them. In 1115, realizing that she was old, she returned to her hometown to build a temple right on the foundation of her old house. When she returned to the village, she changed the name to Ngoc Kinh village, Nhu Kinh commune, Nhu Kinh district, so that the people could enjoy all the same rights as the people of the capital. She died on July 25, 1117 (Dinh Dau) at the age of 73. She was taken back to the capital, then cremated, and the ashes were brought to the Ly hometown in Thien Duc district (now Tien Son district, Tien Son province). Bac Ninh). To commemorate her gratitude, the people of Nhu Quynh village still organize ceremonies on her birthday and death anniversary. Genh Temple was built in the style of foreign domestic work, divided into three parts including the main altar, the worship hall and the rear palace, the main hall facing south, overlooking the Tam Giao Water. From afar, we can see the three gates of the temple built according to ancient architecture. Entering the temple yard, there is a very large stone slab for people to place offerings. All three buildings in the temple are built on a high foundation with 9 marble steps (called nine-tight) on both sides of the door, there are two stone pillars to kneel with arms crossed, marking the surrender of the Champa king. . The altar is the place for ceremonies and musical performances during festivals. In the worship hall with its splendid ceremonial decorations, there are also hanging horizontal panels with ancient couplets. On both sides of the new altar house, two more rows of houses were built to serve as a place to welcome guests from all over to offer incense. The harem also has a large inscription: "Mother doubts the world" and a couple of ancient parallel sentences talking about her merits. The statue of Queen Mother Ỷ Lan is placed in a gilded palanquin with 6 female attendants and many wooden and ceramic altarpieces. Behind the temple there are two wells of clear blue water that never dry up all year round called dragon eyes, on the shore there are two of the largest ancient banyan trees in the area called mi dragon, to the right of the temple there is a large pond where puppet shows take place. big festivals. In the middle of the two lakes is the Mausoleum Palace, worshiping the Three Holy Mothers, the council and the council of mandarins. Close to the right of the temple is the pagoda, in front of the door is planted a jade orchid tree, symbolizing her name. Next to the Ngoc Lan flower tree is a model of Kinh Thien tower built of stone. The temple also has stone stele recording the years of construction, restoration and embellishment of the temple. Genh Temple is an architectural work in the style of the Ly Dynasty, a place that preserves the historical mark of Queen Mother Y Lan, a talented and virtuous woman, a devoted mother who dedicated her life to serving the people. , because of water.


Kim Boi hot spring

Location: Hot mineral spring in Kim Boi district, Hoa Binh province. Characteristics: Natural hot mineral spring. Mineral springs are very good for human health.




Mo Luong Cave (Doi Cave)

Location: Located in the Pu Kha mountain range system, Mai Chau Town. Hoa Binh province, about 2 km by road from Lac village. Characteristics: Mo Luong Cave is an ideal tourist destination for tourists who like to explore and find strange feelings when coming to Mai Chau.

Mo Luong Cave also has another name given by the White Thai people: Bo Luong. Bo Luong means large water mine. According to legend, every Lunar New Year, Thai people come together to catch fish in the deep streams in the region. During one fishing trip, a woman in Bo village caught an egg three times. After each time, she threw it away. The fourth time, she decided to take the egg home to incubate it, and then the egg hatched into a snake. Since the snake appeared, people have seen the water level in the fields rise. Surprisingly, the villagers brought the snake into the forest. Wherever they went, the water rose, creating conditions for the villagers to reclaim the land into fertile fields. To show gratitude to the snake, the villagers brought the snake to Mo Luong cave and the snake turned into a dragon there. Every year, on the full moon day of the seventh lunar month, people see schools of fish swimming out of the cave for the villagers to catch. The villagers believe that the fish were brought by the dragon to repay favors to the villagers. The cave has 4 caves with a depth of about 500 m. The first cave is the widest with a length of 60 m and a width of 16 m. After climbing an iron ladder about 10 meters high, visitors will enter the second cave, which local people believe is the home of the fairies. The shapes of the rocks and stalactites resemble characters in myths, creating a stretch of wonders in the heart of the mountain, mysterious and spectacular, incredibly attractive. Going through the second cave, visitors will enter the third cave. This is a large cave with an area of ​​about 400m2 and is cooler than other caves. Stalactites fall from the dome like huge teeth, this place is very quiet. The last cave is very wide with a height of 25 m, a length of 15 m and a width of 12 m. In this cave, there are many stalactites and stone columns with unique shapes. Going down to the bottom of the cave, there is an underground water stream that flows day and night into Mo Luong Lake in front of the mountain. During the war against the French and the Americans, this place was once a base for our army and people, used to meet and discuss fighting the enemy and as a warehouse to treat weapons and explosives. Therefore, the villagers gave the cave another name, Bo Doi Cave.


Hoabinh water electric

Location: Located in Hoa Binh city, on Da river, Hoa Binh province. Characteristics: It is Vietnam's largest hydroelectric project built with the help of the (former) Soviet Union. Construction started on January 6, 1979.




Muong ethnic group

Location: Muong people live in valleys surrounded by wet rice fields, in Hoa Binh province. Characteristics: Coming to Thung May at an altitude of 1,200m above sea level, visitors can see more clearly the beautiful picture of Muong country, especially the culture and life of Muong country.

Muong culture is expressed through costumes such as the waistband of Muong skirts, through rituals in life such as weddings, funerals, and in great epics such as "Give birth to land, give birth to water". In Muong music, drums and gongs still play an important role. Coming to Muong on the days of "spring festival", "going to the fields" ceremony, "new house celebration" ceremony... visitors will enjoy a set of twelve Muong gongs. In the Muong landscape, in the middle of the valley, in the gurgling stream and the murmur of the forest, the sound of the gong has a deep and unforgettable resonance. Coming to Muong village, strangers are often considered honored guests. Here, visitors have the opportunity to learn more about the pure beauty of Muong culture.


Silver Stone Cave

Location: Da Bac Cave is located in Lien Son commune, Luong Son district, Hoa Binh province. Characteristics: Silver Stone Cave is a strange work of visual art of creation, a delicate combination of sculpture and painting, between strong monumentality and poetic charm.




Au Co National Mother Temple

Location: The temple was built on Oc Son mountain, also known as Van mountain, over 147m above sea level. Located in the Hung Temple relic area, Hy Cuong commune, Lam Thao district, Phu Tho province. Characteristics: Au Co National Mother Temple is designed based on a unique architecture imbued with the cultural imprint of the Dong Son period. Temple of Mother Au Co, the legendary, sacred, magical mother who had the first contribution in reclaiming and opening up the nation.

The overall architecture includes: Ta vu house, Huu vu house, stele house, symbolic pillars, four pillars, three-entrance gate, reception house, ceremony house, yard, garden, system of steps, and turning yard. The road from the foot of the mountain to the temple gate includes 553 stone steps, along the way there is a welcome house and a place to stop. The three-entrance gate is 5.8m high, has three entrances, the main entrance is 2.2m high, the gate roof is covered with funny-nosed tiles, corner blades, and carved motifs simulating the image of the Lac bird. The highlight of the temple's foreground is the stele and stele pillar made of stone on one side engraved with Nom script and on the other side engraved with the national language, recording the period of construction of the temple with the contributions of people across the country. The temple is built according to traditional architecture with columns, frames, ribs, roof, and partitions made of ironwood; The roof is tiled and the walls are made of bricks. The main temple area includes a main temple and two houses, Ta Vu and Huu Vu, located on both sides, with nail-shaped architecture. Particularly, the railing is carved with Lac bird motifs and folk cultural activities of the Dong Son period. The interior of the temple includes the statue of Mother Goddess and two statues of Lac Hau and Lac Tuong cast in bronze with a weight of about 2 tons. The statue of Mother Au Co is basically based on the model of the statue currently worshiped at the Temple of Mother Au Co in Hien Luong commune (Ha Hoa district - Phu Tho), with only slight adjustments. Materials are carefully selected and meet high quality standards. The incense burners, great characters, parallel sentences, bronze drum pedestals, bell racks, gong hangers, medical subjects... are painted with gold and red on precious wood. On both sides of Ta Vu are two bas-reliefs depicting 50 children following their father down to the sea and 50 children following their mother up the mountain made of bronze material. Due to the characteristics of being located on a high mountain with a large difference in reinforcement, the garden system was built quite elaborately. Around the main temple, the embankment was built in 3 layers, the innermost layer was a reinforced concrete retaining wall, the middle layer was built made of crushed stone, the outer layer is covered with laterite taken from the ancient village of Son Vi, Thanh Dinh, Lam Thao district (Phu Tho). The project used more than 8,000m³ of stone, 5,300 tons of sand and gravel, 68,000 tons of cement, and 250m³ of ironwood. Au Co National Mother Temple was completed just in time for the Hung Temple Festival - National Holiday in 2005.


Xuan Son National Park

Location: Located at the last point of Hoang Lien Son range, Xuan Son National Park is located in Xuan Son commune, Thanh Son district, Phu Tho province. Characteristics: With a total area of ​​15,048 hectares, a buffer zone of 18,639 hectares, of which the strictly protected area is 9,099 hectares, Xuan Son is the only national park with primary forest on limestone mountains (2,432 hectares). Xuan Son forest is ecologically diverse, has high biodiversity, and diverse topography creates a diverse landscape.

According to initial statistics, Xuan Son National Park has 726 species of higher plants, the flora is dominated by species: reed, chestnut, oak and magnolia. In addition, there are also typical species for the Northwest region such as: salted arowana, duoi leaf astragalus, devil-faced starfish and cho chi, cho chi forest, gnat, sausage, bitter gourd, kim Giao (cho chi forest in Xuan Son is one of the most beautiful and richest Cho Chi forests in the North). Xuan Son is also a warehouse of indigenous varieties and a huge warehouse of medicinal plants, especially bitter herbs that grow naturally with the highest density in the North. There are currently 365 animal species here, including 46 species recorded in the Vietnam Red Book and 18 species recorded in the World Red Book. Typical species for the Northwest fauna are: Gray langur, dog gibbon, silver-haired plowman, white-tailed red-bellied squirrel, bear, leopard,... about birds: pheasant, chickadee, ground eagle, etc. .. chamois are the most numerous in the country. In addition to the attraction of rich flora and fauna, Xuan Son also has many interesting natural landscapes. Located in the Xuan Son National Park complex, there are three peaks over 1,000m high: Elephant Mountain, Ten Mountain and Can Mountain with hundreds of caves; rivers and streams such as: Lap stream, Thang stream; and many waterfalls with a height of over 50m, covering caves and rock holes, blending the silver color of the waterfall with the green of the jungle, making the landscape both majestic and poetic. Xuan Son Natural National Park has 16 rock caves formed by weathering and hydrochemical processes; Stalactites are beautiful and diverse, creating a variety of shapes. Visiting the cave here, visitors cannot help but be amazed by the beauty of the stalactites hanging down in a variety of strange shapes. Tien Cave is an underground cave in the heart of a 10km long marble mountain. In the cave, there is a ventilation path straight to the top of the mountain, making the air cool and fresh. The lake has many attractive strange fish species. One day in Xuan Son, the climate changes through 4 seasons: the morning is cool and fresh like spring; the afternoon was as warm as summer; The afternoon is as lonely as autumn; the evening is chilly. With great tourism potential, it is convenient to develop many types of tourism. Xuan Son is an attraction for domestic and foreign tourists.


Tien Phi Cave

Location: located on top of Thuc hill (also known as Thung Phi hill) in the city. Hoa Binh, Hoa Binh province Characteristics: In the cave there are many stalactites with interesting shapes

Tien Phi Cave was discovered in 1982 and officially opened for tourism in 1984. From the foot of Thuc hill, passing hundreds of winding stone steps, visitors will reach Tien Phi cave. Along the path up to the cave are rows of poinciana, jackfruit, eucalyptus, and bamboo trees interwoven and spread out, providing cool shade on both sides of the road. To the left of the cave entrance is Trinh temple built in a stone dome. Every tourist who comes here stops to burn incense at the temple before going to visit the cave. The cave entrance is made up of stone blocks leaning against each other, facing northeast. The path leading down to the cave slopes gently inward. From the cave entrance, going in about 10m, visitors will reach the first compartment with a length of 15m, a width of 8m, and a 20m high domed ceiling. The cave's interior is sometimes rocky and steep, the ground is dark yellow and dry. On the cave wall, there are many stalactites shaped very vividly, some drooping down, some spreading out like blooming flowers. Because this compartment has a sedimentary sinkhole in the ceiling of the cave, natural light can penetrate and shine down, making the scene inside the cave become magical. Continuing to go deeper about 10 meters, visitors will reach the next cave compartment with a length of 53 meters, a width of 20 meters, and a dome ceiling of 10 meters high. On the cliff to the left of the cave is a stalactite shaped like a fairy with long hair, wearing a veil, lying on a five-colored hammock. Surrounded by a group of fairies dressed in gorgeous clothes riding clouds. In this cave, there are also many stalactites with interesting shapes such as a man with white hair and beard, Jesus, a giant, a leopard, a lion lying prostrate... Going to the end of the cave, visitors will catch Encountered a semicircular fairy well, 3m wide, 30cm deep, with clear, cool water. Tien Phi Cave is one of the interesting stops that tourists should not miss when coming to Hoa Binh


Ao Chau lagoon

Location: Located in Ha Hoa district, 50km from Phu Tho town, 70km from Viet Tri city. Characteristics: Ao Chau Lagoon is considered a Ha Long in Phu Tho. This is an attractive and promising tourism potential of King Hung's ancestral land.

Ao Chau lagoon is located in Ha Hoa town and Y Son, Am Ha and Phu Khanh communes of Ha Hoa district. Visitors can conveniently travel by road, rail or waterway to Ao Chau. According to the railway, Ao Chau is located on the Hanoi - Lao Cai route and in the near future will be a trans-Asia railway axis, connecting countries in the region with Yunnan province, China. By road, this scenic spot is located on National Highway No. 2 - the most important route connecting the capital Hanoi with the Northwest provinces. Along the waterway, there are many large rivers flowing through such as the Red River, Da River, Lo River... Ao Chau has a water surface area of ​​about 2km and has about 100 large and small islands covered with a multi-species vegetation. dense and rich, the highest peak is 177m above sea level, along with 99 water niches woven into the ravines. Notably, the water level in the lake is always about 3m deep, in some places up to 35m deep and does not dry up all year round. Thanks to that, the water surface of Ao Chau is clear, unpolluted and inhabited by many aquatic tribes: turtles, golden turtles, tortoises... In particular, local people also grow many types of fruit trees such as jackfruit, jackfruit, etc. grapefruit, longan, lychee... make Ao Chau even more attractive. Ao Chau has very favorable conditions to develop into an eco-tourism area with various types of tourism such as resorts, boating, fishing, mountain climbing..., meeting the needs of domestic and foreign tourists. countries, especially Chinese tourists. Along with this tourist area, tourism resources in other localities such as traditional festivals, historical and cultural relics, cave systems of Xuan Son National Park, Ao Gioi - Suoi Tien, Thanh Thuy hot mineral water resort, cultural activities of ethnic minorities in Thanh Son and Yen Lap districts... will create a tourism triangle with different nuances with special types of tourism. colorful, rich, diverse. Ao Chau tourist area is becoming an attractive eco-tourism destination, promoting the development of the entire region in economic, cultural and social aspects. In addition, the formation and development of this tourist area also promotes the development of traditional craft villages, production and consumption industries, especially the on-site export of many types of goods and souvenirs. as well as other services.


Tham Mountain

Location: Thanh Ba district, Phu Tho province. Characteristics: Tham Mountain is also called Dragon's Head Mountain, about 4km long running up to Thanh Ba tourist area.




Hung Temple relic area

Location: Located on Nghia Linh mountain, Hy Cuong commune, Viet Tri city, Phu Tho province. Characteristics: The temple was built in the 15th century. Legend has it that here the eldest son of Lac Long Quan and Au Co became king, taking the title Hung Vuong, naming the country Van Lang.

Hung Temple relic area is a solemn architectural complex on Nghia Linh mountain. From Hanoi, follow Highway No. 2 to Viet Tri city (84km), continue about 10km to Hang intersection, turn left 3km to reach the relic site. Hung Temple historical relic area includes Ha Temple and pagodas, Gieng Temple, Trung Temple, Thuong Temple, and Hung King's mausoleum. King Hung's mausoleum: Legend has it that it is the tomb of the 6th Hung King. After Thanh Dong fought the An invaders and flew to heaven, King Hung transformed here. Ha Temple: From the foot of Hung Mountain, turn through Dai Mon (temple gate) and climb 225 steps. stairs built of bricks up to Ha temple and pagoda (Thien Quang pagoda). The temple was built in the 15th century, and it is said that Au Co gave birth to a hundred eggs here, which hatched into a hundred children. Au Co led 50 children up the mountain, Lac Long Quan led 49 children down to the sea, leaving the eldest son as king named Hung Vuong, with the capital in Phong Chau, naming the country Van Lang. In front of the door of Ha Temple, there is a cycad tree, where President Ho Chi Minh, on his way back to take over the capital, talked to the soldiers of the vanguard army, "The Hung Kings have contributed to building the country, we must join together." "Let's keep the country together". Trung Temple: From Ha Temple, climb another 168 stone steps to reach Trung Temple. Legend has it that the Hung Kings set up inns here to rest and discuss business with the princes. Also here, Prince Lang Lieu offered banh chung and banh giay to his father on the occasion of Tet. Thuong Temple: From Trung Temple, go up 102 stone steps to reach Thuong Temple, where the Hung Kings held offerings to Heaven, Earth, and Mountain God. and God of Rice. This is also the place where Thuc Phan, after being crowned by the 18th Hung King, erected a stone pillar swearing to take care of the temple and preserve the Hung family's inheritance. Well Temple: Going down from the mausoleum, the temple is at the foot of the mountain in the southeast. In the temple there is a Jade well, full of water in all seasons, clear enough to see in a mirror. The temple worships Ngoc Hoa and Tien Dung, the beloved daughter of the 18th Hung King, who often combed her hair and looked in the mirror at this well. Today, near the Cong Quan (a place to receive guests from all over) there is a relatively large Hung Vuong Museum that displays many artifacts from the period when Hung Vuong built the country through the culture of the Stone, Bronze, and Bronze Ages. iron...


Phung Hiep floating market

Location: Phung Hiep floating market is located in Nga Bay town, Hau Giang province, the market is held at Phung Hiep intersection. Characteristics: Floating market on the river, rich variety of goods.

Immense floating market at Phung Hiep intersection. Here, the vast river surface turns in 7 directions. From all directions, boats and ships flock here. Whatever the market has on the ground, the floating market at intersection 7 has enough goods that people need, from needles and threads to clothes, food, wine, meat... and there are many types of fruits. countless. From the floating market, visitors will dock to go to the snake market. The name Phung Hiep snake market is also very familiar to international tourists. When visiting the snake market, visitors will be invited to drink snake wine and watch very adventurous snake dance performances. Phung Hiep Market year-round has snakes, turtles, birds, squirrels, monitor lizards... to serve tourists.


Vung Ro

Location: Vung Ro is located at the end of Phu Yen province, on the side of the national highway, 25 km from Tuy Hoa city. Characteristics: Vung Ro is one of the famous beautiful bays not only of Phu Yen but of the entire Central coastal region.




O Loan Lagoon

Location: located right at the foot of Quan Cau pass, in Tuy An district, Phu Yen province, about 22 km north of Tuy Hoa city. Characteristics: Recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national scenic spot

According to legend, once upon a time in heaven there was a very beautiful but mischievous and stubborn fairy named Loan. One day, she borrowed an O Cuoc bird and flew down to earth to roam around without even noticing that the bird was tired, hungry and thirsty. When passing Tuy An, the bird no longer had enough strength to fly, so it landed in the Tu Bi mountain range - a small branch of Quan Cau pass. Later, people around the area combined the names O Thuoc and Loan bird, called O Loan for short, to name the lagoon. Because it is a brackish water lagoon, O Loan has a lot of seafood such as oysters, blood cockles, shrimp, squid, jellyfish, jelly, scallops, crabs... Come to O Loan to enjoy the beautiful natural scenery and enjoy seafood dishes. Rich in Central flavor, visitors can fully feel the beauty of the poetic land of Phu Yen. With a water surface area of ​​more than 1,500 hectares, O Loan lagoon is endowed with a peaceful beauty by nature. Open space and fresh, cool climate. Looking down from the top of Quan Cau Pass, visitors will see Tu Bi Mountain, where the Tu Bi stream flows zigzag through the ravines and then flows into the lagoon, creating a poetic landscape. Surrounding the lagoon are Dong Chay Mountain, Cam Mountain and An Hai Islet with rocky rapids protruding out of the lagoon, forming cliffs with many different shapes. Lying along the water edge of the lagoon are casuarina forests - a refuge for birds such as teal, pelicans, storks, ducks...


Nhan Tower

Location: Nhan Tower is located on the north bank of Da Rang River, near National Highway 1A, in Tuy Hoa city, Phu Yen province. Characteristics: The tower is a place to worship the gods of the ancient Cham people.

Nhan Tower was built in the late 11th and early 12th centuries on a relatively flat area of ​​land near the top of Nhan mountain. Around the construction of the tower on Nhan Mountain, there is a legend that at that time, Luong Phu Gia's army (also known as Luong Van Chanh) fought with the Cham army (Cham Thanh). The battlefield took place in present-day Tuy Hoa city. Phu Gia's army was stationed at Nuu Mountain, while Champa's army was stationed at Nhan Mountain to defend themselves. The battle was extremely fierce with no winner or loser. To avoid loss of life and property to the civilians, the two sides agreed to build the tower together. The side that completed it first would win, and the losing side would have to automatically withdraw their troops from Phu Yen. The two locations chosen by both sides were: Cham army on Nhan mountain, Mr. Phu Gia's army on Co Rua mountain, a protruding part of Nuu mountain. The Cham army put all their strength into building day and night until it was almost completed when Mr. Phu Gia's tower was completed, standing tall in a corner of the sky. The Cham army had to accept defeat. After that, Mr. Phu Gia's army challenged Champa to burn the tower. Whichever tower burned first would win and the other side would have to withdraw their troops. Mr. Phu Gia's tower burned down overnight while the tower on Nhan Mountain still stood. Luong Van Chanh brought his army to the foot of Nhan Mountain, forcing the Cham army to withdraw across Ca Pass. During the resistance war against the French (1945 - 1954), when the French colonialists invaded our country, they fired artillery, causing the top of the tower and three corners of the tower to collapse. Due to extensive damage during the war, at the end of 1960, under the Wei government, Phu Yen province repaired the tower and mended the cracks inside and outside the tower. The tower's construction materials are all made of fired bricks of many different sizes depending on the position of each wall and each tower floor and are arranged tightly, without visible glue lines, but the adhesion is very solid. The rows of bricks above are slightly retreated from the rows of bricks below until the arch is closed. Nhan Tower has the same architectural style as the Cham Po Nagar tower in Nha Trang, which is built in the form of high floors. The tower has a quadrilateral shape with 4 floors, the higher it goes, the smaller it is compared to the lower floor, but still follows the style of the lower floor. The tower is nearly 23.5m high, each side of the tower's base is 10m long. The roof of the tower consists of many layers, the top is made of a whole stone slab with an evenly balanced lotus bud shape. That is the Linga symbol of the Cham people. At the top of the tower, all four sides have four fake windows, separating the upper and lower floors. The main door is in the east direction, the upper part of the door is arched, built in a rolling style, the pillars and crossbeams of the door are soft limestone blocks, easy to carve and carve. Inside the tower, the vertical walls soar from the base of the tower to the end of the body. The higher you go, the smaller the wall becomes until it reaches the top, forming a cone shape. There are no decorative patterns on the tower's walls, only a few stylized dragon patterns carved in marble placed outside the corner of the tower. Inside the tower, there is no altar, no statue, only a small hut in front to worship Lady Thiet An Na Dien Ngoc Phi, built in the Later Le Dynasty. In particular, at the foot of Nhan Mountain to the southwest, along the bank of the Chua River, there is a rock 1.3m high, each side 0.9m wide, with lotus petals carved at the base, with 3 ancient words (Sanskrit) carved on it. Commonly found on pillar steles in Cham towers. Inscriptions on 1/3 of the rock. Perhaps this is the only bibliography in the tower area that has remained until now. Nhan Tower is an artistic architectural work with high historical value of the Cham people and this is also a typical landscape of Phu Yen province. Nhan Tower was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national architectural and artistic relic on November 16, 1988.


Mon Beach - Dai Lanh Cape

Location: Bai Mon - Dai Lanh Cape is located in Dong Be village, Hoa Tam commune, Dong Hoa district, Phu Yen province), about 35km southeast of Tuy Hoa city (Phu Yen). Characteristics: This is a place where many natural beauties converge with forests, seas, streams and mountains. There is also a lighthouse that shines every night to help ships travel back and forth across the sea and into Vung Ro Bay.




Go Thi Thung Tunnels

Location: An Xuan commune, Tuy An district, Phu Yen province, about 45km north of Tuy Hoa city. Characteristics: The tunnels are a miracle of the army and people of Phu Yen in the resistance war against America to save the country.

Construction began on May 10, 1964 and completed in August 1965, Go Thi Thung tunnel is connected to the revolutionary base area of ​​Phu Yen province by Son Long and Son Dinh communes (Son Hoa district). ). This is a strategic military position, blocking the southern gateway of the base area, creating a solid foundation for local soldiers and guerrillas to defeat many attacks by the US imperialists during the war. local wars, creating resounding historical victories. In particular, with a continuous battlefield including: spiked tunnels, sharp stakes, trenches..., Go Thi Thung Tunnels helped our army and people break the "Five Arrows" plan in the strategic counter-attack in the 1965 dry season. – 1966 when the US imperialists attacked the plain of Zone 5. Located at an altitude of 400m above sea level, Go Thi Thung tunnel has a tunnel 2km long, 4.5m deep, 0.8m wide, every 15m there is a tunnel. The corner of the elbow serves as a place to avoid. Vent holes in the tunnel are cut from the bottom up into tree cavities to avoid being detected by enemies. The tunnel mouth is carved from the bottom up to avoid erosion when attaching the tunnel lid. The tunnel lid is designed like a secret tunnel, using thick bamboo or grass planted on top, with a tunnel lid every 20m. In the tunnels, there is a system of command bunkers, bunkers containing food, weapons, drinking water... that can withstand artillery shells and small bombs. Surrounding the tunnels is a 10km long trench system. On February 3, 2009, Go Thi Thung Tunnels was recognized by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism as a national historical and cultural relic.


Phuong Hoang relic area

Location: Located in Van An ward, Chi Linh town, Hai Duong province, about 80km east of Hanoi. Characteristics: This is a particularly sacred land, home to amazing natural landscapes and many unique architectural works such as: Chu Van An temple, Luu Quang palace, Miet Tri,...

Legend has it that one day, in the sky of Chi Linh land, a flock of 72 Phoenix birds suddenly appeared flying. Seeing the charming scenery here, the flock of birds did not fly away but landed together and then transformed into a mountain range of 72 peaks. Phoenix Mountain has long been famous for its picturesque landscape with immense pine forests, gurgling streams, chirping birds, especially the 72 mountains shaped like 72 Phoenix birds flapping their wings. . Therefore, the book "The Legend of Chi Linh District" by the Han Nom Research Institute wrote: . The mountain ranges here gradually lower in the northeast - southwest direction, connecting with the alluvial plain and reflecting into the immense water waves of Luc Dau Giang. On Phuong Hoang Mountain, there are also many famous historical relics such as Huyen Thien ancient pagoda, Ky Lan ancient pagoda, Tinh Phi ancient tower..., especially the Phoenix relic complex closely associated with the life of teacher Chu Van An includes: Chu Van An temple, Luu Quang palace, Miet Tri, Gieng Son, tomb area. After Chu Van An passed away (1370), a temple was built to worship him at the place where he worked as a teaching house. However, through the harshness of time and the fierceness of war bombs, by the 80s of the last century the temple was almost completely destroyed. Faced with that situation, in the 90s of the last century, with the agreement of the authorities at all levels, the Hai Duong Museum, the People's Committee of Van An ward, the Education sector and local people carried out a major restoration and renovate the temple. As a result, after two stages of restoration, Chu Van An temple has now become a majestic and solemn architectural complex including: three inner gates, outer three gates, lower yard, middle yard, terrace, garden, two dancing halls, two stele houses, the main temple with bas-reliefs of Dragon and Phoenix playing with clouds and 112 stone steps leading to the main temple. The main temple was built in the shape of the letter Nhi, architectural style of the Nguyen Dynasty, with 2 floors and 8 roofs, tiled roofs with 8 curved corners, including 5 pre-worship spaces and 1 back palace space. In the middle of the altar is the communal altar, right behind is the altar to worship the Chu family's ancestors, on the right is the altar to worship the mountain god Phuong Hoang, and on the left is the altar to worship the teacher's disciples. In the harem, there is a bronze statue of the master, weighing 100kg. The decorative art in the temple follows the theme of the four sacred animals (dragon, lychee, turtle, phoenix) and the four precious animals (pine, chrysanthemum, bamboo, apricot). The paintings of traditional robes painted in red and gold are decorated with fine art in the image of "dragons flanking chrysanthemums". Located about 100m west of Chu Van An temple. This is a building with Dinh-shaped architecture, in the style of "stacking ancient matchboxes", with 8 roofs and curved blades creating an elegant and majestic look, including 5 compartments, 2 shelves stacked with beams, and lotus doi. In the palace, there is a statue of teacher Chu Van An and hangs a painting with the title "The Great Master". On the roof, the edge of the knife, the seven heads, the green rice flakes, wind leaves... are all decorated with motifs in the style of the Tran - Le dynasties such as: two dragons flanking the moon, dragons flanking phoenix dancing... is a tortoise pond located in front. Luu Quang Palace. This is a place to help visitors remember the legend of the Water God (thuong luong) because they admired the intelligence and talent of teacher Chu Van An so much that he transformed into an ordinary person to learn his writing. However, he later had to sacrifice his life to make rain to help the people escape the drought. When excavating Miet Tri, archaeologists found many relics bearing the artistic style of the 14th and 15th centuries. (now filled in) was determined by researchers to be located east of Chu Van An temple. Because, according to archaeological results, there are many lipstick lumps at this location. According to the book "Du Dia Chi" by Phan Huy Chu and "Cong Du Kiep Ky" by Vu Phuong De also said that Phuong Hoang Mountain has a very precious lipstick, bright red in color, considered a good material by ancient Taoists. for knitting. Teacher Chu Van An and his students often take a bamboo tube and stick it in the bottom of the well. When they pull it out, they get lipstick as soft as mud, then dry it and solidify it again. Teachers used these lipsticks to write poems, essays, and grade papers for students. Many people who admire his virtue often come to him and ask him for a letter. Located in a beautiful location on the eastern peak of Phoenix Mountain, about 600m from the main temple. According to local legend, this position is the Phoenix bird's head - the pinnacle of justice and virtue. The mausoleum has a rectangular monolithic architecture. The grave has a rectangular stone embankment, measuring 4x7m. The decorative patterns here focus on depicting the image of the book and two pointed brush awards representing the noble and pure virtue of teacher Chu Van An for the cause of educating the country. When digging up the ground to plant flowers next to the grave, people discovered many Tran Dynasty bowls and plates, many of which were still intact. Located about 50m west of the tomb area, full of water all year round and the water is very clear. According to local legend, this location is the Phoenix bird's eye. Tourists who visit the master's grave enjoy a sip of well water with the thought that the sacred atmosphere of the mountains and rivers here will permeate their bodies.


Con Son relic site

Location: Con Son relic site is located in Cong Hoa ward, Chi Linh town, Hai Duong province, about 80km east of Hanoi. Characteristics: This is a place associated with the lives of many Vietnamese celebrities, most notably Nguyen Trai. This place is also one of the Buddhist centers of the Truc Lam Dai Viet Zen sect founded by Dieu Ngu Giac Hoang Tran Nhan Tong in the 13th century.

Con Son is a place with poetic and charming natural scenery with mountains, forests, streams, lakes, interwoven in harmony. The north of Con Son borders Ngu Nhac mountain, 238m high, at the top there is "Ngu Nhac Linh Tu" temple worshiping the mountain god. Right next to it is Ky Lan Mountain (also known as Con Son Mountain) 200m high, at the top is Ban Co Tien and the foundation ruins of Bach Van Am. The forests in Con Son are mainly pine trees, vast and lush green. Con Son Stream flows from North to South, like the sound of a harp echoing in the vast mountains and forests... Across the stream is Thau Ngoc Bridge - a beautiful work that has entered poetry and history books. Every morning, white mist covers the top of the mountain, and at noon, Con Son puts on a fresh green shirt, fragrant. The beautiful scenery of Con Son has captivated many people and tourists. That's why, six centuries ago, Con Son was like a fairyland through the pen of Nguyen Phi Khanh (Nguyen Trai's father) described in "Thanh Hu Dong Ky:" To Nguyen Trai, Con Son was very charming, beautiful. expressed through the work Con Son Ca: “ ”. Not only is nature blessed with beautiful scenery, Con Son is also a land of spiritual excellence. More than a thousand years ago, Dinh Quoc Cong Nguyen Bac, the founder of the Nguyen Trai family, established a base in Con Son to fight warlord Pham Phong At, one of 12 rebel warlords at the end of the Ngo Dynasty (10th century). ), helping Dinh Tien Hoang unify the country. In the 13th century, kings Tran Nhan Tong, Phap Loa, Huyen Quang, the three founders of the Truc Lam Zen sect, came to Con Son to preach, built Con Son pagoda into an ancestral temple, a large Zen monastery of the Tran dynasty and assigned it to Con Son. Huyen Quang abbot. Tran Nguyen Dan - the Great Tutor, poet, and great scholar of the Later Tran Dynasty - returned to Con Son to build Thanh Hu Dong to rest in the last years of his life. Le Thanh Tong (1460 - 1497), the Minh Quan and the original Tao Dan (early Le Dynasty), the Holy Poet Cao Ba Quat (1808-1855) (Nguyen Dynasty)... all came here to sightsee and write poetry. , leaving behind valuable works. In February 1965, President Ho Chi Minh visited the scenic Con Son. Here, he read the stele in front of the door of Con Son pagoda with respect, sacredness and special sympathy with his ancestors. Con Son is associated with the names of many Vietnamese celebrities. However, when talking about Con Son, we are talking about the National Hero, World Cultural Celebrity Nguyen Trai - who has spent his whole life and career here. Indeed, in Con Son, every object and relic sparkles with the light of Nguyen Trai - Sao Khue. This relic still preserves many valuable cultural and historical relics, such as: also known as Ky Lan Pagoda, Hun Pagoda), located at the foot of Ky Lan Mountain (Hun Mountain). The pagoda's literal name is Thien Tu Phuc Tu. Legend has it that in the 12th year of Hung Long (1304), monk Phap Loa built a small pagoda at the foot of Ky Lan mountain, entrusting Huyen Quang to be the abbot. In the first year of Khai Huu (1329), the pagoda was restored and expanded into Con Son Thien Tu Phuc Tu, one of the centers of the Truc Lam Zen sect. During the Le Dynasty, the pagoda continued to be restored and expanded with 83 horizontal and vertical pavilions, red bricks, colored glazed tiles and 385 statues. However, through historical changes, the pagoda has shrunk to its current architecture in the shape of a gong ( , including 3 buildings: Front Hall, Incense burner and Upper Palace. The Upper Hall worships Buddha, including paintings The Buddha statue is 3m high, bearing the artistic style of the Le Dynasty. Along with the unique architecture, the pagoda also preserves a 600-year-old Dai tree, 4 stele houses, notably the stele "Thanh Hu Dong" built during the Long Khanh period ( 1373 - 1377) still preserves the autograph of King Tran Due Tong and the hexagonal stele "Con Son Thien Tu Bi Phuc Tu" which was read by President Ho Chi Minh when he visited the relic on February 15, 1965. The pagoda was ranked as a national relic in phase I in 1962 and a particularly important relic in 1994 by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism). Located right behind Con Son pagoda, worshiping the statues of three Truc Lam Tam To (Kings Tran Nhan Tong, Phap Loa and Huyen Quang), the statue of Prince Tran Nguyen Dan and his wife, the statue of Nguyen Trai and his second wife (Mrs. Nguyen Thi Lo). "Uc Trai Linh Tu", located on an area of ​​10,000m² at the foot of Ngu Nhac mountain in the Thanh Hu Dong area and near the place where in the past there was a temple worshiping Mrs. Tran Thi Thai - Nguyen Trai's mother. The temple leans back on To Son, on both sides against the Ngu Nhac and Ky Lan mountain ranges, creating a dragon on the left and a white tiger on the right. The temple's main hall overlooks Con Son lake, where Phuong Hoang and Chuc Thon mountains flank it. Con Son stream flows from North to South, winding from right to left embracing the temple. The temple includes 15 items: Chinh temple, Ta vu house, Huu vu house, inner gate, outer gate, Thau Ngoc bridge, Giai oan temple, Nhan Nghia lake, stele house, golden ammo, garden system. .. In particular, the Chinh Temple was built on an area of ​​about 200m², in the shape of a gong (), with the architectural style of the late Le period, including 3 compartments: Pre-Teacher, Central Tu and Hau Palace. In the harem, there is a bronze statue of Nguyen Trai, 1.4 m high, weighing 600 kg, and two statues of his parents. Here are still preserved horizontal paintings and parallel sentences with content expressing Nguyen Trai's soul, personality, talent, great merits and the people's respect and gratitude towards him. was built in 2004, near the upstream of Con Son stream, at the location where more than six hundred years ago he built a house to rest and convalesce in his old age. In 1385, Tran Nguyen Dan brought his wife and 5-year-old grandson Nguyen Trai to live in Con Son. Here, he and his wife planted pine forests, burial grounds and built an architectural complex in the mountain - Thanh Hu cave. This is a monumental scale project, including many items in harmony with nature, has become a famous landmark, entered into poetry and history books. Located on the slopes of Ky Lan mountain, at the foot of Dang Minh Bao Thap. Legend has it that on a full moon night in the seventh month, Zen master Huyen Quang dreamed of a sparkling pearl lying on the slopes of Ky Lan mountain. At dawn, the Zen master and the monks and nuns went up to the mountainside to investigate. When they cleared the myrtle bush, they bought it and saw a well of clear water. They tried drinking it and found the water was fresh and cool, refreshing. When returning to the pagoda, the Zen master made a ceremony to thank the gods for giving the pagoda its precious water source and asked to be allowed to dig deep and shore up the banks. From then on, the well was called Jade well and monks in the temple often took water from the well to make offerings. There was a time when the well was covered with plants and trees. In 1995, the well was invested in again, with stone embankments, banks built, and courtyards paved to create a general landscape for the tourist area and also so that tourists visiting Con Son could have the opportunity to drink a sip of sacred well water. located near Ngoc well. Here, King Tran Minh Tong built Dang Minh stupa made of green stone, 3 stories high, inside placed relics and a statue to worship Huyen Quang after the Zen master passed away. : From Ngoc well, follow the paved road of more than 600 steps with sky-high green pine forests on both sides to reach the top of Ky Lan mountain (200m high). The top of the mountain is a flat area of ​​land, with a fairly large stone slab on top, which the ancients called Ban Co Tien. Here, the relics of the public-shaped foundation of Bach Van Am Am ​​are still preserved - an architecture built during the Tran Dynasty (14th century), when Truc Lam's third Patriarch Huyen Quang practiced at Con Son Pagoda with eight flowing roofs. , has a railing around it, for monks to practice, preach sutras, and preach Dharma to their disciples. In 1992, the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) built the ancient two-storey "Vong Giang Dinh" (stele house) with eight roofs to commemorate National Hero Nguyen Trai. next to the relics of Bach Van Am Am. There is a stone stele engraved with the background, career of Nguyen Trai and the history of Con Son relics. From the top of Ky Lan mountain, visitors can see a panoramic view of a large mountain and forest area. Looking to the northeast 10km is Bai Vong mountain with a lotus-shaped mountain and lush vegetation. This is the place where the body is buried. of Nguyen Phi Khanh, father of Nguyen Trai. are two conglomerate rocks with relatively flat faces, nearly 100m long. The large Thach Ban, often called “ ”, has dimensions of 28.5 x 6m. Legend has it that this is where Nguyen Trai often sat and admired the scenery, wrote poetry and thought about the fortunes of the country. The smaller Thach Ban is where President Ho Chi Minh stopped to rest and admire the scenery when he visited Con Son. Every year, two main festivals take place in Con Son associated with Kiep Bac temple (Hung Dao commune, Chi Linh town). The Con Son - Kiep Bac Spring Festival is held from January 14 to 17 to commemorate the passing away of the Third Holy Patriarch Huyen Quang, with rituals and folk performances such as: Mong Son Ceremony Alms giving, offerings to heaven and earth on Ngu Nhac Linh Tu, water procession, boat racing on Luc Dau Giang, cockfighting, human chess, wrestling... The Con Son - Kiep Bac autumn festival is held from the 15th to the 20th. /8 lunar calendar to commemorate the death anniversary of Saint Tran and National Hero Nguyen Trai, with rituals such as: procession of the Saint's altar, military review ceremony on Luc Dau River, peace praying ceremony and flower lantern festival on the river Luc Dau, the sealing ceremony of Saint Tran and many folk activities such as wrestling, boat racing, duck catching... In recent years, Con Son has been embellished and added many works and roads to Con Son. From many directions, it has been upgraded and coated with plastic. Visitors coming here at any time will encounter cool, fresh air, a poetic and humane space.


Chi Lang Nam Stork Island

Location: Located in the middle of An Duong lake, in Chi Lang Nam commune, Thanh Mien district, Hai Duong province. Characteristics: Co Chi Lang Nam Island has become a "unique" eco-tourism destination in the North.




Chu Van An Temple

Location: Located in the Phuong Hoang relic area, in Van An ward, Chi Linh town, Hai Duong province, about more than 80 km east of Hanoi. Characteristics: The temple has the architectural style of the Nguyen Dynasty, worshiping teacher Chu Van An (1292 - 1370).

Chi Linh land was considered by the ancients to be a particularly important strategic location, with the land position of "Six waters and four spirits", six rivers meeting in harmony called Luc Dau Giang. Four overlapping mountain ranges are arranged to form a perfect picture called the four sacred animals: Long-Ly-Quy-Phuong. There is also the Phoenix Mountain range consisting of 72 peaks, symbolizing 72 phoenix birds spreading their wings. The Phoenix is ​​a symbol of wisdom and talent, also known as "Tieu hidden co bich" (ancient house wall), the hidden residence of teacher Chu Van An, according to the book "Phuong Son Tu Chi Strategy" by Nguyen Dinh Phu wrote "Mr. Chu Van Trinh in retreat". Chu Van An is originally from Van Thon village, Thanh Liet commune, Thanh Tri district, Hanoi. in propagating and educating Confucian moral thought in Vietnam. At the age of 16, he passed the "Dinh Thi" (Thi Dinh department) but did not become a mandarin but opened a teaching school in Huynh Cung village located near Van Thon village. At the age of 20, he was invited by King Tran Minh Tong (1314 - 1329) to become a private citizen teaching the Crown Prince. During the reign of King Tran Du Tong (1341 - 1369), because he could not stand the evil tyrants, he gave his official seal and went to hide on Phuong Hoang mountain, taking the title "Tieu hide" (woodcutter), only specializing in taught, wrote books, wrote poetry, and researched medicine until his death. After Chu Van An passed away (1370), a temple was built to worship him at the place where he worked as a teaching house. However, through the harshness of time and the fierceness of war bombs, by the 80s of the last century the temple was almost completely destroyed. Faced with that situation, in the 90s of the last century, with the agreement of the authorities at all levels, the Hai Duong Museum, the People's Committee of Van An ward, the Education sector and local people carried out a major restoration and renovate the temple. As a result, after two stages of restoration, in 2008 Chu Van An temple became a majestic and solemn architectural complex including: three inner gates, three outer gates, lower yard, middle yard, terrace, garden, two dancing halls, two stele houses, the main temple with bas-reliefs of Dragon and Phoenix playing with clouds and 112 stone steps leading to the main temple. The main temple is located on high, wide ground, according to feng shui, this is the eye of the Phoenix bird. In front of the temple, there is Ngoc mountain as the front altar, behind it there is Phuong mountain as the back temple, on both sides are Ky Lan mountain and Phuong Hoang mountain flanking the temple. The temple was built in the shape of the letter Nhi (), 2-storey, 8-roof, tiled style with 8 curved corners, including 5 pre-worship spaces and 1 back palace space. In the middle of the altar is the communal altar, right behind is the altar to worship the Chu family's ancestors, on the right is the altar to worship the mountain god Phuong Hoang, and on the left is the altar to worship the teacher's disciples. In the harem, there is a bronze statue of the master, weighing 100kg. The decorative art in the temple follows the theme of the four sacred animals (Long, Ly, Quy, Phuong) and the four precious animals (Tung, Cuc, Truc, Plum). The painted and gilded robes are decorated with fine art in the image of "dragons flanking chrysanthemums". In front of the temple are a pair of stone dragons with the architectural style of the Tran Dynasty... In the space of the majestic and peaceful Chu Van An temple complex, nestled in the middle of a vast green pine forest, the words "The Great Master Symbol" stand out. ", especially the large sign engraved with the word "Learning" in calligraphy on the path to the temple. This is an expression of the gratitude of many generations of Vietnamese people to exemplary teacher Chu Van An. Another very different point at Chu Van An temple, every time visitors enter the temple, in addition to offering vegetarian and salty offerings, they also offer pens, books, and notebooks to pray for fame, exams, and study. Chu Van An Temple is a traditional spiritual and educational tourist destination for many tourists, officials, teachers, pupils and students across the country. Every year, the spring writing ceremony takes place here (a cultural beauty that has been preserved since teacher Chu Van An came here to open a teaching class) on January 6 with four characters in Han Nom calligraphy: Chinh-Hoc- Pure Action, with 10 National Language words: Tam-Duc-Chi-Nghia-Zhong/Tai-Minh-Tri-Thanh-Vinh; Autumn festival from August 1 to 25 of the lunar calendar (main festival on the 25th); celebration of Vietnamese Teachers' Day on November 20 of the solar calendar; The festival of returning to the origin is from November 24 to 26 of the lunar calendar (the main festival is on the 26th). The temple was ranked a national historical relic by the State in 1998.


Kiep Bac Temple

Location: Kiep Bac Temple is located in the two villages of Van Kiep and Duoc Son, Hung Dao commune, Chi Linh town, Hai Duong province, about 80km from Hanoi, and 5km from Con Son relic site. Characteristics: The temple was built in the early 14th century, worshiping Saint Tran (Tran Hung Dao).

The Kiep Bac temple area is located in a rich, green valley, on three sides is the throne-shaped Dragon mountain range surrounded by two branches Nam Tao and Bac Dau, on the other side is Luc Dau Giang (the convergence of six dragons). rivers: Cau River, Thuong River, Luc Nam River, Duong River, Kinh Thay River and the main branch of Thai Binh River). Mountains form a posture of flanking dragons and tigers, and rivers form spacious halls. This is also a vital waterway traffic hub guarding the eastern gateway of the ancient Thang Long Citadel (present-day Hanoi). Here, heaven and earth are built, a prime location in terms of feng shui, a vital military position, and four sacred spirits gathered together to cast sacred energy. Therefore, after the first resistance war against the Mongol Yuan army (1258), Duke Tran Hung Dao chose this area as the command center of the military line in the Northeast region, extending from the Lang border. Son went through the Chi Lang and Noi Bang passes along the Luc Nam river, through Luc Dau Giang and Bach Dang to the East Sea, in order to create a formation of "water and land units forming, advancing on the offensive, retreating on the defensive" to fight the Mongol invaders for the second time. (1285) and the third time (1288). After Tran Hung Dao passed away, to commemorate his great contributions to the country, local people built a temple on the site of the former command center, named him Kiep Bac and honored him as a Saint. Bare. In front of the temple there is a magnificent, massive gate with three doors. On the outside of the gate there are 9 big words: above are 4 words "Hung Thien Infinity", below are 5 words "Tran Hung Dao Vuong tu" and two columns of parallel sentences, meaning Through the big gate, on the left is Ngoc Well Dragon's Eye. Follow the stone road to the palanquin area during the festival season, in front there is an altar. The temple has 3 large palaces. In the most solemn position - the middle palace, there is a majestic and majestic statue worshiping Tran Hung Dao. The outermost palace has a statue worshiping General Pham Ngu Lao (Tran Hung Dao's son-in-law). The innermost palace houses statues worshiping the National Mother Princess Thien Thanh (wife of Tran Hung Dao) and her two daughters, First Kham from Queen Quyen Thanh, Princess (wife of King Tran Nhan Tong), Second Queen Anh Nguyen, Princess. (wife of General Pham Ngu Lao). In the temple, there are also 4 tablets worshiping the 4 sons of Tran Hung Dao. Kiep Bac Temple Festival is associated with Con Son Festival (Cong Hoa commune, Chi Linh town), held twice a year. The Con Son - Kiep Bac Spring Festival commemorates the passing away of the Third Holy Patriarch Huyen Quang, taking place from January 14-17, including attractive cultural and sports activities such as: Mong Son Ceremony Almsgiving, offerings to heaven and earth on Ngu Nhac spiritual kindness; water procession; Competitions of wrapping and boiling banh chung, pounding banh day, clay cannons, boat racing on Luc Dau Giang, cockfighting, human chess, wrestling... Con Son - Kiep Bac autumn festival commemorates the death anniversary of Saint Tran and Anh National hero Nguyen Trai, taking place from the 15th to 20th of the 8th lunar month with ritual ceremonies and folk performances such as: the procession of the Holy altar, the military review ceremony on the Luc Dau River, the peace praying ceremony and the flower festival. posted on Luc Dau River, the custom of serving the Saint, the seal-granting ceremony of Saint Tran and many folk games such as wrestling, boat racing, duck catching, rice cooking competition, duck jumping... In addition to the above two festivals, Kiep Bac Temple It is also associated with the Tran Thuong temple festival (Tran Thuong village, Nhan Dao commune, Ly Nhan district, Ha Nam province) taking place from the 18th to the 20th of the 8th lunar month to honor Saint Tran Hung Dao. Participating in this festival, visitors will have the opportunity to make a pilgrimage and worship along the route: Kiep Bac temple - Tran Thuong temple - Bao Loc temple (Nam Dinh) to pray to Saint Tran for many blessings and luck.


Mooc Stream

Location: Phuc Trach commune, Bo Trach district, Quang Binh province Characteristics: a place with wild and interesting nature with many attractive services

Hidden under the canopy of old forests covering towering limestone cliffs, Nuoc Mooc stream brings cool breeze to the mountains and forests of Phong Nha - Ke Bang. Coming to Nuoc Mooc stream, visitors not only can immerse themselves in the cool water but also have the opportunity to explore the natural world. world natural product Phong Nha - Ke Bang national park. Mooc water is a natural emerald green water source that erupts from the foot of the mountain, forming a lake about 90m² wide and then flows towards the Chay River. This is a very unique and interesting natural phenomenon. This cool stream weaves between the mountains and forests with temperatures regularly ranging from 16 -18°C in the summer. Downstream of the stream there are countless reefs, rapids and waterfalls. In the stream bed there are large rocks and pristine pebble beaches such as Tam Hop beach, Dao Tien beach... Realizing the diverse tourism potential in the Nuoc Mooc stream area, the Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park Management Board has invested in building Build Nuoc Mooc stream tourist area with many attractive items. Coming here, visitors can stroll on the wooden bridges connecting the two banks of the stream to admire the beauty of the vast, majestic green mountains and forests with charming landscapes of mountains and water. Walking along the stream banks, visitors will see vast green forests, Flocks of white butterflies flutter, listen to the chirping sounds of birds calling each other to search for food and then flying back to their nests. This is also an ideal place for tourists to enjoy swimming in the cool water and kayaking. , or join the adventurous jumping game. In particular, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy rustic dishes such as grilled eel, grilled chicken, wild vegetables... at the "bird's nest restaurants" uniquely designed in the shape of a bird's nest hanging on the sky. The old tree trunks are about 5m above the stream surface. These "bird's nest restaurants" use completely environmentally friendly materials such as bamboo, bamboo, palm... The Nuoc Mooc stream area is also the growth environment for many species of animals and plants, typically the Hare langur. Tinh - a primate species named in the Vietnam Red Book. Coming to Nuoc Mooc stream tourist area to immerse yourself in the clear, cool water, with wild and exciting nature, it will definitely leave visitors with exciting moments of relaxation.


Phong Nha - Ke Bang World Natural Heritage

Location: Phong Nha - Ke Bang is located in the districts of Quang Ninh, Bo Trach and Minh Hoa, Quang Binh province. From Dong Hoi, follow Highway 1A about 5km, turn left along Truong Son Street to Son Trach commune, then take a boat on the Son River for about 30 minutes to arrive. Characteristics: Phong Nha - Ke Bang is recognized by UNESCO as a World Natural Heritage.

The total area of ​​this national park is more than 343,000 hectares (core area is 123,300 hectares and buffer zone is 220,000 hectares), of which 83.74% of the area is primary forest. In this national park, scientists have counted 2,400 species of higher plants with 208 species of orchids, including many rare species recorded in the Red Book of Vietnam and IUCN. Besides, there are 140 species of mammals, 356 species of birds, 97 species of reptiles, 47 species of amphibians, 162 species of fish, 369 species of insects, many of which are listed in the Red Book of Vietnam and the world such as: stars. mules, Ha Tinh langurs, martins... Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park was twice recognized by UNESCO as a World Natural Heritage in July 2003 and July 2015.


General Vo Nguyen Giap's grave site

Location: Vung Chua - Yen Island beach area, Tho Son village, Quang Dong commune, Quang Trach district, Quang Binh province, more than 2km east of Highway 1. Characteristics: Along the road to visit the General's grave, there are 103 wooden steps, 103 apricot trees and 103 Dien Bien ban flowers symbolizing the General's 103 years.

Vo Nguyen Giap (1911 - 2013) was the first general of the Vietnam People's Army, commander in chief of the famous Dien Bien Phu campaign in five continents, which shook the world. In 1984, The new Encyclopedia Britannica, one of the world's largest encyclopedias, voted General Vo Nguyen Giap as one of the world's 10 outstanding generals. Vung Chua - Yen Island, the motherland of Quang Binh, was chosen by the General as his final resting place. Vung Chua is an area with magnificent and pristine natural scenery, with its back leaning on Tho Son mountain, facing the majestic East Sea with many small islands such as Hon La, Hon Gio, Hon Nom (Yen Island). The grave of General Vo Nguyen Giap is located at Dragon Cape - a cape reaching out to the sea, opposite Yen Island. The General's grave is guarded 24/7 by Squad 1 of Border Guard Station 184 (Quang Binh Province Border Guard). The guard force is divided into 3 checkpoints: one to receive and record visitors; a monitoring point, guiding visitors to visit and a guide point for burning incense at the General's grave. In order to beautify the landscape of the General's grave site, 13,000 Thanh Hoa pine and coconut trees were planted to green Tho Son mountain and along the coastal asphalt road leading to the grave site. Near the general's grave there is a bell tower with a bronze bell printed with four large words "Vung Chua Hong Chung". On average, thousands of visitors come to burn incense and visit the General's grave every day, especially on holidays or weekends.


Bang Hot Mineral Springs

Location: Bang Hot Mineral Spring is located in Kim Thuy commune, Le Thuy district, 60km southwest of Dong Hoi city. Characteristics: Bang mineral spring has many pharmacological effects, is considered rare and very good in treating some human diseases.




Dark Cave

Location: Son Trach commune, Bo Trach district, Quang Binh province, far from City. Dong Hoi is about 50km northwest. Characteristics: This is the only cave in Vietnam that operates the "cave mud bath" service, attracting many tourists to experience it.

Located in the core area of ​​Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park, right on the banks of the Chay River, Dark Cave represents geological formations about 400-500 million years ago. During the resistance war against the US to save the country, Dark cave was used as a bomb shelter. In 1992, the cave was discovered by the British Royal Caving Association and named Dark because of the condensed darkness covering every corner of the cave. The cave is 5,258m long, 80m high, 50m wide, including 2 doors: the front door borders the Chay River (30m high, more than 10m wide) and the back door borders the forest (50m high, about 20m wide). In the cave there are many stalactites with diverse shapes and colors. The old stalactites have changed color, some are lemon yellow, some are lime white, some are moss green. In particular, Dark Cave possesses stalactites with parasitic ferns - a rare sight in other caves. According to scientific researchers, these stalactites are traces of a period of strong geological movements. Dark Cave also has underground rivers tens of meters deep, a natural freshwater lake called Thuy Tien and a mud lake about 20 meters wide with essential minerals that are very good for human health. In addition, the Dark cave area is also home to animals such as bats, swallows..., especially Ha Tinh Langur - a primate species listed in the Vietnam Red Book. Dark Cave is currently managed, invested and exploited by Phong Nha - Ke Bang Tourism Center with many attractive services. From the Chay River animal observation station, visitors can experience the zipline service with a length of 400m across the river to reach the front door of Dark cave. After exploring and bathing in the mud in the cave, visitors will be able to kayak to explore the Chay River, then swing on the zipline to drop people into the river and participate in many interesting water games.


Ke Go Lake

Location: Cam Xuyen district, Ha Tinh province, 70km south of Vinh city. Characteristics: The lake is a beautiful artificial landscape located between the hillsides.




Hong Linh Mountain

Location: Thien Loc commune, Can Loc district, Ha Tinh province. Characteristics: A mountain range with 99 peaks




Dong Loc Junction Youth Volunteer Relic Area

Location: located in Dong Loc commune, Can Loc district, Ha Tinh province, 20km from Ha Tinh city center. Characteristics: It is a "monument" of the iron will and noble sacrifice of the youth volunteer force in the cause of fighting the US to save the country.

Dong Loc intersection is located in a triangular valley, on both sides are bare hills and mountains, in the middle is a single road, the intersection of National Highway 15A and Provincial Road 2 in Dong Loc commune. From the end of April 1965, National Highway 1A was completely divided, goods transported by road to support the Southern battlefield had to go through Dong Loc Junction. From here, Dong Loc Junction became the most fierce focus of US imperialism's raids across Military Region 4. During 7 months of "limited bombing" in 1968, the enemy focused on raiding the Junction. Dong Loc has a huge amount of bombs and ammunition, but the main army units, local soldiers, and militia and self-defense forces on combat duty here still stubbornly stay on the battlefield and organize effective attacks on the enemy. . At its peak, there were up to 1.60,000 people here, mainly artillery soldiers and youth volunteer forces to clear bombs and pave the way. Thanks to the strong firepower of the 210th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment combined with the 12.7mm firepower clusters of the militia and self-defense forces in the area, a dense fire net was created in the airspace of Dong Loc Junction, ensuring safety for clearing traffic and supply routes from the North to the South. During the days of fierce confrontation with enemy bombs and bullets, many examples of brave and resilient fighting appeared at Dong Loc Junction. Typically, there are 10 young female volunteers of Platoon 4, Company 552, General Platoon 55 led by Ms. Vo Thi Tan. With the spirit of ensuring smooth passage for the strategic transportation route from the North to the South, the soldiers and people of Dong Loc united in fighting to shoot down 19 American planes; destroyed 1,780 slow-explosive bombs and magnetic bombs; contributed 974,240 working days to clear routes and build new roads; mobilized 42,620 people to serve in combat; excavated 95,209m of wood; providing 22,448 bamboo poles, 24,000 loads of mulch to prevent mud... completely failing the US imperialist's plot to cut off the strategic North-South transport route through Dong Loc. This place became legendary during the years of resistance against America to save the country by the Party Committee and people of Ha Tinh. Currently, Dong Loc Junction Youth Volunteer Relic is built on an area of ​​0.6km, including the following items: inaugurated on July 15, 1998, it is a symbol of strength, determination to fight, determination to win, the rising spirit of the youth volunteer force, soldiers, traffic workers, police, militia... Surrounding the monument are bas-reliefs depicting a vibrant atmosphere, urgently filling bomb holes. , shooting enemy aircraft, defusing bombs... guiding the passing vehicles of the forces at Dong Loc Junction. located right in the middle of the intersection, inaugurated on March 26, 1992. Located almost opposite the symbolic column, next to the foot of Tro Voi mountain, is the memorial stele house for heroes and martyrs of the Transport sector, registering and commemorating 842 heroic martyrs of the sector who sacrificed their lives during the resistance war. fight against America to save the country in Ha Tinh area. Built by the Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union Central Committee in 1998, engraved with the names of 1,950 heroes, martyrs of national youth volunteers and heroic martyrs who sacrificed their lives at Dong Loc Junction. sacrificed at Dong Loc Junction. On July 15, 1990, 10 graves were moved to the foot of Tro Voi mountain, 30 meters from the memorial stele house. The bomb crater next to where 10 women died is still in the same position. Displaying 228 original artifacts, over 248 photos and documents provide viewers with the working and fighting life of young volunteers on every road with the spirit of "All for the front line", "The enemy destroyed one , I do ten". There is an electronic compass depicting the fierce scene of the Dong Loc battlefield nearly 50 years ago as well as the iron will and courage of our army and people at this "Death Coordinates". The exhibition house has very precious artifacts such as Ms. Vo Thi Tan's letter to her mother, Ms. Xuan's clothes, Mr. Vuong Dinh Nho's electric wire and bomb detonating magnet, the sisters' dinner bowls, and his resume book. , Ms. Huong's song notebook, restored photos of 10 young volunteer girls, original photos taken from the plane of the Dong Loc scene, shrapnel from the school, dozens of bombs left over from the war, 12mm7 guns. .. and some outdoor artifacts such as: AD6 aircraft, 57.37 artillery, 63.57 gat, bulldozer... were inaugurated on January 2, 2011. This is a work of gratitude from today's generation to the older generations, and at the same time a work of educating the revolutionary patriotic tradition, cultivating the ethic of "drinking water, remember its source" for today and tomorrow's generations. after. The tower has 7 floors, 8 roofs, 37m high, and at the top of the tower hangs a bell weighing 5.7 tons. Visitors can follow the stairs (spiral shape) to reach the top of the tower, enjoy a panoramic view of Dong Loc Junction or look out into the distance to admire the scenery of Can Loc land and sky. located near the center on the slopes of Mui Mac mountain. On the left are 3 available bomb craters. The cluster of statues is 7.5m high, 15.5m long, 5m wide, depicting the scene of 10 women rushing onto the road with ragged bomb craters. The women are portrayed in different positions: one holding a shovel, the other pulling a cart, while Ms. Tan - Tieu Chang still holds a gun in her hand to observe for her teammates, one hand holds a flag raised high to guide the groups. truck passes by. On December 9, 2013, the Dong Loc Junction Youth Volunteer Relic was recognized by the State as a special National Historical Relic Area on the legendary Ho Chi Minh Road system, becoming a cradle of nurturing patriotism and educating revolutionary traditions for our people, especially for the young generation today and tomorrow.


Thien Cam Mountain

Location: Thien Cam is located in Cam Xuyen district, Ha Tinh province, about 20km from Ha Tinh city. Characteristics: The mountain is located next to the sea, creating a charming landscape, a tourist attraction of Ha Tinh province.




Memorial area of ​​Mr. Nguyen Du

Location: Nguyen Du's memorial area is located in Tien Dien village, Tien Dien commune, Nghi Xuan district, Ha Tinh province, about 50km from Ha Tinh city, from City. Vinh (Nghe An) about 8km. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to learn more about the life and career of Nguyen Du; It is also an opportunity to learn more about the Nguyen Tien Dien family.




Chieu Trung Temple

Location: Chieu Trung Temple is located in Thach Ban commune, Thach Ha district, Ha Tinh province. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to admire the beautiful natural scenery and learn more about Vietnamese history.

From City. Ha Tinh, following Highway 542, passing through Thach Kim commune, visitors will arrive at Chieu Trung temple. Chieu Trung Temple, also known as Vo Muc Temple, worships the famous general Le Khoi, built on Long Ngam Mountain, the last mountain in the Quynh Vien mountain range (Southern Region). It is called Long Ngam because this mountain is shaped like a dragon's forehead; On both left and right sides there are two rocks that look like dragon eyes. At the foot of the mountain there is a wide and deep open-air pond, shaped like a dragon's mouth, all around the pond are thick grass and mud. According to historical records: 5 centuries ago, the guard of Senior General Sima Le Khoi (I call Le Loi his uncle, joined the Lam Son insurgent army from the beginning), then defended Nghe An, yes ordered the court, together with Le Thu, Le Kha, and Le Khac Phuc, to attack Champa and capture the Champa lord Bi Cai; On the way back, he became seriously ill and died on May 3, the year of the Tiger (1446) at the foot of Nam Gioi mountain. The court held a national funeral, buried his body on Long Ngam mountain and established a temple there. In 1487, King Le Thanh Tong awarded the title "Chieu Trung Dai Vuong" Le Khoi. Seen from afar, Chieu Trung temple is very majestic and quiet, located in the middle of a large space with Le Khoi tomb area behind; On the right side are two grounds, which are said to be where Chu Dong Tu and Tien Dung once practiced. Chieu Trung Temple consists of 3 buildings built in the year of Dinh Mao (1477); Up to now, after many restorations, it still retains its original appearance. To get to Chieu Trung temple, from the foot of the mountain, visitors must climb 23 stone steps with dense trees on both sides of the road. After passing through the temple gate - where the year the tomb was placed, the temple was built and the gate was built, visitors will come to Ha Temple - a place with open, wide space, used to welcome guests to worship. Continuing inside, visitors will come to Trung temple - where elders in the area meet to discuss sacrifices and temple repairs. Trung Temple is carved very elaborately; This is an artistic work with both high aesthetic value and profound creative ideas. According to some researchers, the carved lines in the central hall of Chieu Trung temple are bold in the sculptural art style of the early 17th century, and are still preserved today. On both sides of the Central Palace are two low, narrow armpit doors; Visitors must lower their heads to pass through to the Upper Palace. Located in the middle of the Upper Palace is a gilded incense burner, above which is a wooden statue of Chieu Trung Le Khoi with very solemn and kind carvings. Every year, on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd day of the 5th lunar month, there is a festival at Chieu Trung temple. According to people here, before the main death anniversary, there is often a shower in the afternoon or evening; Perhaps, it was the rain that "bathed the statues" and "washed the temples" to welcome tourists from all over to worship.


Xuan Thanh Beach

Location: Xuan Thanh Beach is located in Xuan Thanh commune, Nghi Xuan district, Ha Tinh province, about 13km east of Vinh City (Nghe An), about 13km east of City. Ha Tinh is about 40km north. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will be immersed in the fresh, cool and very wild natural landscape.

From City. Vinh, following National Highway 1A, crossing Ben Thuy bridge - a tree spanning the Lam River connecting Nghe An and Ha Tinh provinces, visitors will arrive in Nghi Xuan district. From here, continue about 5km east, visitors will come to Xuan Thanh beach. Xuan Thanh beach stretches more than 5km with a gentle slope. The sea water here has moderate salinity, is clear, blue and very clean. A number of motels and restaurants have been invested and built here to serve tourists but are still on a small scale; Therefore, visitors coming here can still admire a vast, pristine natural landscape: mountains, forests and seas as far as the eye can see... What is special, this place has a freshwater river named My Duong originates from Hong Linh mountain and flows parallel to the length of the beach. The river is not deep but the water never dries up. Both sides of the river are lush green vegetation. From Xuan Thanh beach, if tourists want to enjoy the natural scenery in the protective forest that prevents storms, rain and floods for residential areas on the shore; Visitors must cross the bridge across the My Duong River. One thing that makes Xuan Thanh beach attractive is: After each walk on the beach, soak in the water and look at the island system: Ngu island, Mat island one after another, looming at the foot. God; Visitors can enjoy culinary dishes made from seafood: crabs, crabs, shrimp, squid, blood cockles, seahorses... at reasonable and affordable prices. If you have the opportunity to go to Xuan Thanh beach, in addition to enjoying the beautiful scenery of the sea, you should join a tour to visit some other cultural relics such as: the memorial area of ​​Mr. Nguyen Du, Mr. Nguyen Cong Tru, the singing village. Tru Co Dam... These relics are all in Nghi Xuan district and very close to Xuan Thanh beach.


Pagoda and Thien Tuong lake

Location: Thien Tuong Pagoda is located in Trung Luong commune, Hong Linh town, located on Thien Tuong mountain. Characteristics: The pagoda was built in the Tran Dynasty. It is a beautiful landscape and has had many visitors come and leave famous poems.

When talking about the land of Ha Tinh, we first talk about Hong Mountain with 99 soaring peaks. In the 17th year of Minh Menh, Hong Mountain was carved into Anh Dinh as a symbol of Vietnamese nature. Around Hong Linh is a treasure trove of mysterious and fascinating stories. Legend has it that King Kinh Duong Vuong established the first capital here and married a beautiful daughter from the Ngan Hong region to give birth to the Dragon King, Lac Long Quan... One of the landscapes of Hong Linh is Thien Tuong Pagoda and Lake. has been ranked as a national scenic relic by the Ministry of Culture and Information. Pham Su Manh (14th century) in the article "Son Hanh" has the sentence:


Truc Temple - Ngu Dong Son

Location: Truc Temple - Ngu Dong Son in Quyen Son village, Thi Son commune, Kim Bang district, Ha Nam province. Characteristics: Truc Temple - Ngu Dong Son worships national hero Ly Thuong Kiet. This scenic area has charming natural scenery, rolling mountains, a Truc temple located in the middle of a poetic Bamboo forest, and a unique cave system.

8km from Phu Ly town, right next to Road 21A, there is a small mountain shaped like a lion, called Cam Mountain. The mountain contains a legend so it has become a well-known place. In the past, thousands of bamboos grew here: Bamboo was as green as hair, hanging down all over the region. In 1089, Ly Thuong Kiet's warships when conquering the south passed through Quyen Son village. Suddenly a strong wind blew, breaking the mast and rolling the army's large flag to the top of the mountain. Ly Thuong Kiet then stopped the boat and went ashore with his soldiers to make offerings to heaven and earth to pray for great victory. That time, coming back with a big victory, Ly Thuong Kiet and his army came here to hold a thanksgiving ceremony, reward the three troops and hold a festival for the villagers to celebrate the victory. The festival lasts for months with all kinds of fun. The event of the flag being blown away by the wind led Ly Thuong Kiet to name the mountain Cuon Son. Later, to commemorate the merits of the talented general, the villagers of Cuon Son built a temple to worship Ly Thuong Kiet at the very place where he held the festival. The temple was built in the middle of a dozens of acres of bamboo forest, so it was named Truc Temple. After nearly a thousand years, the bamboo forest is no longer the same as before, but around the temple, there are still thousands of bamboo shadows. The golden bamboo trees, flowing gracefully in the wind, make the landscape here even more poetic. With the changes of time, the temple only retains some basic features. The temple is built of ironwood, over 6m high. The front house is a 5-compartment building. The truss system, a variant of the Ruong con Nhi bronze gong rack style, appeared at the end of the 17th century and was popular at the end of the 19th century. The three harem rooms were built in the same style as the farewell house, with 2 truss ends. , roofed with male tiles, built with interior bricks, exposed to the ceiling. On the door system there are engravings based on precious themes. When visiting Truc Temple, don't forget to visit Cuon Son (now called Cam Mountain) nearby. Perhaps because of its attachment to an ancient omen, the mountain has spiritual significance to the people in the area. That's why Cam Mountain still retains many pristine features with a rich ecosystem. On the top of Cam Mountain, there is a chess board made of stone - where the fairies often invite each other to celebrate, drink wine, play chess and admire the worldly scenery. Right next to the chessboard there is a square called the emperor's acupuncture point. Cam Mountain also has a unique cave system: 5 caves connected together, forming a continuous cave, called Ngu Dong Son. The structure of the caves is extremely diverse with many types of stalactites in various shapes, evoking visitors' rich imagination: the shape of a mother's breast, an open rice pot, the shape of an elephant, a turtle... The colors, Porosity, emulsion... are also different. There are stalactites hidden deep in the darkness, when exposed to torchlight, they suddenly glow like pearls. There are stalactites shaped like lying drums, hanging drums, and musical instruments, which are very special. When beaten, the sound resonates like a real thing. The poetic and unique landscape of Cam Mountain has once captivated the hearts of many visitors and created memories with beautiful poems left for life. Today, when visiting Truc Temple or Ngu Dong Son, visitors will feel like they are lost in a fairyland and next year, they will want to get lost and find their way back.


Ba Danh Pagoda - Ngoc Mountain

Location: Located on the banks of Day River, in Danh Xa village, Ngoc Son commune, Kim Bang district, Ha Nam province, far from City. Phu Ly is more than 10km to the northwest. Characteristics: Ba Danh Pagoda is associated with the folk idiom "Quiet like Ba Danh Pagoda".




Hoi An ancient town

Location: Belongs to City. Hoi An, Quang Nam province. Characteristics: With outstanding global values, at the 23rd session from November 29 to December 4, 1999 in Marrakesh (Morocco), the UNESCO World Heritage Committee recognized the Urban Area. Hoi An Ancient Town is a World Cultural Heritage.




Phuoc Kieu bronze casting village

Location: Dien Phuong Commune, Dien Ban Town, Quang Nam Province Characteristics: Phuoc Kieu is a famous bronze casting village, especially in gong casting techniques.

The bronze casting profession in Phuoc Kieu was formed by a person named Duong Tien Hien who migrated from Thanh Hoa to teach it. At the end of the 18th century, two areas were formed here: Dong Kieu statue sculpting ward and Phuoc Kieu statuary ward. By the early 19th century, the Nguyen Dynasty merged the two wards to form "Phuoc Kieu commune", also known as Phuoc Kieu bronze casting village. Like other bronze casting villages, to create a complete bronze product, workers in Phuoc Kieu village must carry out steps such as: making molds, painting molds, cooking bronze and casting bronze. However, they also have their own secret to mixing alloys such as: red copper, brass (copper mixed with tin), green copper (copper mixed with zinc), bronze (copper mixed with gold)... In addition, Phuoc artisans The style must have sound recording techniques to create resonant products, consistent with the customs, practices and spiritual culture of each ethnic group. This requires Phuoc Kieu workers to have sharp ears, experience, understanding and experience in sensing delicate sounds. Previously, the village only cast traditional products such as gongs, bells, bells, candlesticks, incense burners, household appliances... In particular, Phuoc Kieu's gong products were present in almost every village. ethnic minorities in the Central Highlands. Currently, Phuoc Kieu artisans also create interior decorations for tourist areas, villas or musical instruments upon request. In 2004, the village's artisans cast two cannons in bronze and tin, following the originals from the Nguyen Dynasty. Each gun weighs 100kg, is 1.2m long, and has a muzzle diameter of 25cm. Coming to Phuoc Kieu bronze casting village, in addition to shopping for items and souvenirs, visitors also have the opportunity to directly participate in the bronze production stages and watch artisans perform various types of gong instruments. The gongs were made by themselves. In addition, with a favorable geographical location, located next to Highway 1A and on the axis connecting two world cultural heritages, Hoi An Ancient Town and My Son Temple Area, Phuoc Kieu bronze casting village has become a famous tourist destination. One of the attractive tourist destinations of Quang Nam. In particular, in October 2006, Phuoc Kieu was chosen by the Vietnam National Administration of Tourism as a tourist destination for Ministers of Tourism of countries attending the 2006 APEC Conference.


Long Doi Son Pagoda

Location: Long Doi Son Pagoda is located on the top of Long Doi mountain, in Doi Son commune, Duy Tien district, Ha Nam province, 15km from Dong Van town (through Hoa Mac town), about 6km from National Highway 1A . Characteristics: Long Doi Son Pagoda has the literal name Sung Thien Dien Linh. The pagoda was built during the Ly Dynasty (around 1121), and still retains many precious relics.




Thanh Ha Pottery Village

Location: Thanh Ha Pottery Village belongs to Thanh Ha ward, Hoi An city, Quang Nam province. Characteristics: Thanh Ha ceramic products have many unique shapes, colors, and durability.




My Son cultural heritage

Location: My Son is located in Duy Phu commune, Duy Xuyen district, Quang Nam province, about 70km southwest of Da Nang city, about 10km west of Tra Kieu in a discreet valley. Characteristics: My Son is the Hindu holy land of the Champa kingdom. The main temples in My Son worship a set of Linga or an image of the god Siva - the protector of the Champa kings.




Hoi An city

Hoi An city is located downstream of the confluence of Thu Bon river in the coastal plain of Quang Nam province, about 30km south of Da Nang city. Average annual temperature 25ºC; Average annual air humidity is 82%, average annual rainfall is 2,066mm. Residents are mainly Vietnamese (Kinh) and Chinese. In December 1999, UNESCO recognized Hoi An ancient town as a world cultural heritage.




Tra Que vegetable village

Location: About 2km northeast of the center of Hoi An ancient town, between De Vong river and Tra Que seaweed swamp, Tra Que Vegetable Village is located in Tra Que village, Cam Ha commune, Hoi An city. Characteristics: Tra Que vegetables have been famous for a long time with many vegetable products grown on fertile soil and fertilized with seaweed taken from the river, so they have their own unique flavor.




Chien Dan Tower

Location: Next to Highway 1, in Tam An commune, 5km north of Tam Ky city, Quang Nam province. Characteristics: It is a cluster of three Cham towers standing parallel to each other along the north - south axis, facing east.




Phuoc Lam Pagoda

Location: Cam Ha Ward, Hoi An City, Quang Nam Province. Characteristics: The pagoda was built by monk Minh Luong (one of the two monks who first came to Hoi An) at the end of the 17th century to worship Buddha.




Thu Bon River

Location: Thu Bon River originates from countless small gurgling streams flowing down from Ngoc Linh mountain at the border of Quang Nam - Kon Tum provinces (in Duy Xuyen district). Characteristics: Thu Bon River is like a vitality stream of the land of Quang Nam - Da Nang, weaving through the rugged mountains in the west of Quang Nam and then pouring into the fertile fields.




Hon Kem Stone Stop

Location: Hon Kem Da Dung, formerly belonging to two communes Que Phuoc and Que Lam, Que Son district, Quang Nam province; This is now the boundary of Que Son and Hiep Duc districts. Characteristics: This is one of the ideal natural landscapes of Quang Nam province.

Hon Kem Da Dung as well as the Thu Bon river flowing through it are both associated with many ancient legends. The poetic Thu Bon River flows through many clusters of rocky mountains, including Hon Kem Da Dung, which looks like two rocky mountains protruding, bathing in the river, and then with the flow of time, Hon Kem Da Dung as discussed. The hands of the Creator shape mysterious shapes, hidden on the rocks, blending with nature; forest trees, fog, warm sunshine. Then, along with the surrounding mountains such as: Chua mountain, Ca Tang mountain... create a "charming landscape" picture on the romantic Thu river. That's why for many generations the folk song has been passed down: Coming to Hon Kem Da Dung up the Thu River from Cua Dai - Hoi An or coming from the Han River - Da Nang, it will be a quite interesting cruise, on The river is about 30-40km long, or from Tam Ky city center, by car, follow Highway 1A north, to Huong An intersection, turn left southwest about 40km, visitors will reach Hon Zinc Stone Stop.


Cam Nam - Garden tourist area

Location: South of Hoi An city, Quang Nam province. Characteristics: Cam Nam is famous throughout the region for its boiled corn (boiled corn) dish that is fragrant, sweet and sticky like upland sticky rice. Cam Nam is also famous for mussel scraping and how to prepare mussel dishes. That's why local people still call this place by a cute, rustic name "Con Hen".

Looking across the bridge from Hoi An ancient town, Cam Nam looks like a beautiful island surrounded by green bamboo. According to the genealogy of the clans and the words of the elders in the village, Cam Nam (formerly known as Cam Pho village) was born relatively early compared to other areas of Hoi An city. At the end of the 14th century, this desolate dune located in the middle of the flow of the Hoai River was a place of livelihood for people migrating from the North. They make a living growing rice, crops and fishing. The names Xuyen Trung, Chau Trung, Trung Tin, Nam Ngan appeared in association with the process of reclamation, recruiting people, and establishing hamlets of the ancestors of the Tran, Huynh, Le, and Nguyen clans from the late 15th to the 15th century. 17. Since then, through many ups and downs, residents here have still maintained many lifestyles and activities as in the days of their ancestors. The bamboo thatched houses with mud walls still retain their old shape, cool all year round under the shade of coconut trees and areca trees... Coming here, visitors feel like entering a peaceful village with thatched houses covered in blue smoke in the afternoon. , fragrant with areca flowers in gardens full of fruit trees. Tourists will also encounter boats filled with freshly popped corn still fragrant with milk, rowed by village girls in a hurry, the wind blowing their shirts. Following their footsteps, tourists visit the corn stoves, which only turn red when night falls. Not only that, rustic dishes such as mixed mussels, stir-fried mussels with rice paper, rice paper dipped in seasoning sauce, Cam Nam corn sweet soup... have made many people far from home feel nostalgic because they miss and wish for a new life. times return. Cam Nam is tending to become a garden tourist area, symbolizing the rural villages of Central Vietnam. An investment project to build a garden house tourist area along the Hoai River, located west of Cam Nam bridge, called "Vietnamese Village" is being formed on an area of ​​12,000 - 15,000 square meters. The "Vietnamese Village" tourist area includes works with bold folk features, from structure to house construction materials (three-room houses, thatched roofs and mud walls...), combined with a Some wooden frame structures and tiled roofs bear the mark of the old village communal house. Along with creating space, the project will create almost all the daily activities of a Vietnamese rural village in production: scooping water and buckets; water cart; plowing and harrowing with buffaloes and cows; rice cultivation; harvest; or other activities such as: spinning silk, weaving, weaving bamboo and rattan, carving wood, pounding rice, grinding rice... In particular, in order to create a unique mark of Hoi An port in the 1920s, these activities such as rickshaws, black and white photography with cameras covered with cloth, will also be included in "Vietnam Village". There is even a restaurant at the beginning of the village that serves typical rural "dishes" such as green tea, bean water, coconut water... Along with Hoi An ancient town, tourism in Hoi An city has more a new product - garden eco-tourism.


Phu Ninh Lake

Location: Phu Ninh Lake is located 7km south of Tam Ky city, in Nui Thanh district and Phu Ninh district. Characteristics: Phu Ninh Lake is a large-scale irrigation project, with a water surface area of ​​3,433 hectares and 23,000 hectares of protective forest, along with 30 beautiful small islands and peninsulas.

In the past, the largest area of ​​Phu Ninh lake bed was called Na Bong, a large and fertile land. In 1927, the French intended to build a lake but failed. By 1954, the revolutionary government also followed this intention, but due to technical limitations, the lake construction had to be shelved. By 1977, with the professional assistance of central irrigation experts, Quang Nam province mobilized the entire population to contribute material resources and after 9 years of effort digging and dredging... tens of millions of cubic meters of soil and rock. , Phu Ninh Lake was created and inaugurated on March 29, 1986. Today, Phu Ninh Lake has become a large irrigation project in the Central region with advantages for developing irrigation, fisheries, hydroelectricity, agriculture and forestry, providing domestic water... Phu Ninh Lake It is also an attractive eco-tourism destination for tourists to visit and relax. The amazing natural scenery, poetic scenery, fresh air, especially the open-air mineral water source... make visitors forget their daily worries and hustle and bustle to immerse themselves in the natural scenery. here. Looking down from above, the lake bed looks like a giant pan of water with many oases, surrounded by mountains, dikes and lush green forests of casuarina, eucalyptus... In the lake bed area, there are nearly 30 large and small islands, creating a charming mountain and water complex; including some large islands such as: Ong So island, 61 island, Turtle island..., all like a miniature Ha Long. The flora and fauna here are extremely rich with about 142 herb families, including many groups of rare herbs or medicinal herbs; There are about 148 animal species, of which 14 species are recorded in the red book. In particular, at Phu Ninh lake bed, there is also a precious natural hot mineral water mine with many trace elements that are good for quenching thirst and treating diseases. Coming to Phu Ninh, light cruises gliding on the quiet lake surface take tourists to visit the lake, islands, hot mineral water spots... In addition, from the main gate into the lake about 5km, turn left along the gentle sloping hill. shady with green trees, visitors will come to comfortable motels, restaurants for refreshments, and pedal boats to serve tourists; great fishing spots... Fishing in Phu Ninh seems to be easier than in other places, with farmed fish such as tilapia, sesame, carp, or sitting on a boat to the small islands in the middle of the lake, visitors can Goby fishing in the rocks, then making your own favorite dishes amidst the natural scenery. A Phu Ninh with many islands, trees and vast water... has become an eco-tourism area with many diverse activities such as sightseeing, fishing, boating, swimming on the lake, and having fun. Entertainment, sports, relaxation, and medical treatment are attractive to tourists from near and far.


Ong pagoda

Location: No. 24 Tran Phu Street, Hoi An City, Quang Nam Province. Characteristics: Ong Pagoda worships Quan Van Truong, a symbol of loyalty - faithfulness - integrity - righteousness, so it is also called Quan Cong Mieu.




Thuan Tinh ecotourism

Location: Thuan Tinh (Hoi An City - Quang Nam) is located near Cua Dai estuary, where the Thu Bon and Truong Giang rivers meet before flowing into the sea. Characteristics: Thuan Tinh is an oasis with wooden holiday houses hidden among vast nipa palm forests facing the river to welcome the cool breeze.

In the spacious space of the river area, there is a poplar forest running as far as the eye can see and a velvety green grass carpet under visitors' feet... This place is very suitable for weekend picnics, camping, and group activities. . According to the eco-tour organized by Thuan Tinh Tourism Company, here visitors can take a boat on the river, learn about the lives of fishermen or cast their own lines and cast nets. In addition, tourists also participate in community cultural and artistic programs, attractive folk games: egg catching, braising... The bus departs from Da Nang at 6:00 a.m. and ends at 6:00 a.m. on the same day. . Package price is 100,000 VND/person.


Tam Thanh Beach

Location: Tam Thanh Beach is 7km east of Tam Ky city, Quang Nam province. Characteristics: Tam Thanh beach is always full of sunshine and waves, an attractive address for tourists during summer vacations.




Lung Cu flagpole

Location: Lung Cu commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province Characteristics: It is a place with sacred historical significance, marking Vietnam's territorial sovereignty.

From the city center. Ha Giang, traveling about 160km to the northeast, visitors will reach Lung Cu flagpole, Lung Cu commune - the northernmost place of the country. The flagpole was built on top of Dragon Mountain (also known as Long Son), at an altitude of nearly 1,700m above sea level. Lung Cu flagpole has been around for a long time. History books say that, in the 11th century, after repelling the Northern invaders to Ung Chau (China), General Ly Thuong Kiet, when returning across the border to join forces, planted a flag on the top of the mountain. Dragon and said the general idea: This land belongs to our ancestors, this place is the flesh and blood of the Fatherland, we must preserve it. During the Tay Son period, after the great victory over the Qing army, King Quang Trung placed a large bronze drum in this area and every hour it sounded three long blasts as an affirmation of the country's sovereignty. Therefore, Lung Cu also has the meaning "Long Co", meaning king's drum; In Mong language, it means "Long Cu" - the residence of dragons. In 1978, Lung Cu border guard station built a flagpole over 10m high made of sandalwood, with a 1.2m² wide flag hanging on top. Through many times of restoration, upgrading and new construction, in 2010, after nearly 200 days of construction, the new Lung Cu flagpole was completed with a height of 33.15m, of which the base is 20.25m high, the handle is 20.25m high. The flag is 12.9m high, the outside diameter of the pole is 3.8m wide. The flagpole has an octagonal shape, 8 sides at the base and the base of the flagpole are blue stone reliefs carved with many motifs simulating patterns on Dong Son bronze drums, historical periods of the country and cultural practices. of ethnic groups living in Ha Giang. At the top of the flagpole is the national flag with an area of ​​54m², symbolizing the 54 ethnic groups living together in Vietnam. At the foot of the flagpole, there is a souvenir house displaying working tools, costumes, and cultural products of ethnic groups in Ha Giang. From afar, the Lung Cu flagpole appears solemnly in the middle of an area with 3/4 of the area covered in rocks, surrounded by majestic but no less poetic and lyrical mountain and forest landscapes. Arriving at the foot of Dragon Mountain, visitors continue to conquer 389 stone steps leading up to Lung Cu flagpole, then are amazed by the breathtaking natural picture. The panoramic view of the Dong Van rocky plateau appears like a masterpiece of creation, dotted with rustic villages nestled next to the mountains. In the distance, hidden under the white mist, are terraced fields winding across the hillsides. Looking down at the foot of Dragon Mountain, visitors will see two large lakes located almost symmetrically on both sides of the mountain, considered by indigenous people to be "dragon eyes" associated with ancient legends, creating a unique painting. unique. On both sides of the lake, one side is Lo Lo Chai village, mainly inhabited by Lo Lo people, and the other side is Then Pa village, home to the Mong people with a rich and diverse cultural identity. However, this is not the highest viewing point on the Lung Cu flagpole because inside the flagpole there is also a 140-step spiral staircase. Following the narrow path with light through the small window, visitors seem to be sucked up by the wind blowing from above their heads. The dome of light gradually expanded, bringing with it a new perspective, the scene seemed to shrink, hidden behind a veil of mist. At this moment, people's hearts seemed to calm down with the sound of the red flag with yellow star flapping in the wind. The journey to conquer the Lung Cu flagpole will certainly be a special experience, arousing national pride and urging the younger generation to follow in the footsteps of their ancestors, protecting and building Vietnam's increasingly prosperous country. prosperous.


Phuong Thien Cave

Location: Phuong Thien Cave is located in Vi Xuyen district, Ha Giang province, 7km south of Ha Giang town. Characteristics: It is a place with many beautiful landscapes and many attractive natural caves.




Vuong family mansion

Location: Sa Phin commune, Dong Van district, Ha Giang province Characteristics: It is a beautiful, rare and unique architectural work of the Dong Van stone plateau.

The Vuong family mansion is the ancient villa of Vuong Chinh Duc, the only person honored by Ha Giang ethnic people as King Meo in the early 20th century, governing 4 districts of Quan Ba, Yen Minh, Meo Vac and Dong Van. . Built in 1919, completed in 1928, the entire mansion has an area of ​​​​nearly 3,000 square meters, located on a high land area like a turtle shell in the middle of a valley, surrounded by an arc-shaped mountain range, creating Solid defensive terrain. The palace is surrounded by two walls built of stone, about 60cm to nearly 1m thick, 2.5 to 3m high. Both citadels have many battlements arranged. The path leading to the mansion is gently sloping and paved with flat, square marble slabs. On both sides of the entrance are two tall, straight rows of hundred-year-old sandalwood trees. Stepping up the 15 stone steps into the palace, right at the first gate, visitors will see a lacquered, gilded horizontal plaque with the words "Bien Chinh Kha Phong" ("This border government is strong") bestowed upon the King by King Nguyen. Main Duc. Inside, the mansion attracts visitors with its unique architecture, influenced by three cultures: China, France and the Vietnamese Mong people. Built of green stone, pine wood, pomu wood and terracotta "nib", the entire mansion is 56m long, 20m wide, 10 - 12m high, including 4 horizontal houses and 6 vertical houses, all with a 2-storey structure with 64 rooms for 100 rooms. The mansion is divided into 3 areas: front palace, middle palace and rear palace. The front palace is the residence of soldiers and maids, while the middle palace and rear palace are the living and working places of the Vuong family. The walls of the house are built of stone, the inside is paneled, wooden trusses, and tiled floors. wood, tiled roof, and terrace covered with tube tiles decorated with Tho motifs. The layout of the house gradually lowers from outside to inside. The main house faces the gate, and there are also outbuildings such as: kitchen, water tank, warehouse and stables... Between the rows of houses is a large yard full of light. Surrounding the house is a garden with many types of trees such as acacia, cinnamon, peach, pear... The palace also has 2 blockhouses for defense, a warehouse to store assets... One of the unique features of the mansion is Sophisticated sculptural art, many intricately carved details, skillfully bearing symbols representing prosperity and prosperity. In 1993, the Vuong family mansion was recognized by the state as a national architectural and artistic relic, attracting many tourists to visit and learn.


Dong Van Karst Plateau Geopark

Location: Located in 4 districts of Ha Giang province, including: Quan Ba, Yen Minh, Meo Vac, Dong Van. Characteristics: Dong Van Karst Plateau is the first geopark in Vietnam recognized by GGN as a member of the Global Geopark Network.

From City. Ha Giang, tourists follow Highway 4C about 43km to reach Quan Ba. Continuing along this national highway through the dangerous Can Ty pass, through vast pine forests, winding slopes, winding like silk strips, visitors will come to Yen Minh, Dong Van and Meo Vac respectively. to explore the rocky plateau. Located at an average altitude of 1,000 - 1,600m above sea level on an area of ​​nearly 2,350km², Dong Van karst plateau is one of the special limestone areas of the country, containing typical historical marks. development of the earth's crust. Dong Van has up to 80% limestone outcrops, made up of very different environmental conditions and development stages. According to a survey by scientists at the Institute of Geological Sciences and Mineral Resources, the Dong Van karst plateau has gone through all stages of development of the earth's crust, from Paleozoic, Mesozoic to Cenozoic. with 13 geological formations that have been divided, including Chang Pung, Lut Xia, Si Ka, Bac Bun, Mia Le, Si Phai, Toc Tat, Lung Nam, Bac Son, Dong Dang, Hong Ngai, Song Hien and Lan Pang, of which Chang Pung is the oldest formation dating back about 540 million years. To date, scientists have identified in Dong Van 139 manifestations of geological heritage of all types, including 15 geoheritage at international level, 68 at national level and 56 at local level. In rock sediments of different ages in Dong Van, paleontologists have also discovered many fossils belonging to 19 groups: Brachiopods, Bottom wall corals, Four-rayed corals, Foraminifera, Trilobites, Ancient fish, foraminifera, cone shells, conodonts, axopods, gastropods, cephalopods, moss-like animals, marine lilies, hard shells, ancient crustaceans, aquatic plants, archaeal algae and Chitinozoa. These paleontological fossils have helped scientists complete the picture of the historical development of the geology of the Dong Van karst plateau in particular and the geology of northeastern Vietnam - southern China in general. Because the Dong Van plateau has high geological diversity along with changes in climate, the karst evolution process has created very diverse and rich "rock gardens" and "stone forests" such as: Khau rock garden. Vai (Meo Vac) has stone peaks shaped like flowers, flower buds, and flower branches of various shapes; Lung Pu rock garden (Meo Vac) has rock tops, boulders, stone towers shaped like rolling dragons, sitting tigers...; Van Chai rock garden (Dong Van) has smooth round rocks stacked on top of each other, looking like a herd of thousands of seals resting on the beach... However, the mountains have the shape of pointed pyramids, Sky-high consecutive slopes are the most popular, giving the Dong Van stone plateau a majestic majesty. The cave system on the Dong Van karst plateau is also a product of karst evolution and is very interesting tourist attractions such as Dragon cave in Sang Tung (Dong Van), Kho My cave in Tung Vai (Dong Van). Quan Ba), En Cave in Van Chai (Dong Van)... Dong Van Karst Plateau is also considered by scientists to be a region with a unique and diverse geo-ecological system of rocky mountains. The primary forest community here is still relatively intact, with a lot of wood, forest products and precious medicinal species such as: gnat, red pine, brown-striped pine, pine top, short-leaved bamboo pine, weeping yellow sandalwood... Especially , in the rocky deserts of the Dong Van plateau there are over 40 species of orchids, typically the slipper orchid. Dong Van Plateau is also a habitat for wild animals with over 50 species of mammals, birds, and reptiles such as: chamois, snub-nosed monkeys, muntjacs, wild boars, civets, squirrels, wild chickens, birds, babblers, nightingales... create the natural, lively beauty of the rocky plateau. Besides the values ​​of geology, geomorphology, landscape... Dong Van karst plateau also contains traditional cultural values ​​of 17 ethnic minority communities such as: Mong, Dao, Lo Lo, Tay, Nung ... Dong Van highland people live side by side with rocks: clearing rocks to build houses, to have land for farming; Cut rocks to find fresh water... Stones are built into fences surrounding villages, stones retain water and land to have terraced fields, stones are built into forests and ramparts to protect the Fatherland's borders. Here, when you look down you see cat-ear rocks, look up to the sky and see rocks again - a gray rock color covered. But mixed with the gray color of the rocks is the green color of the corn fields and the yellow color of the rice fields. Corn is grown on rocks, clinging tightly to the rocks to produce corn. Besides, highland markets such as Pho Bang, Dong Van, Lung Cu, Sa Phin... along with the customs and unique festivals of ethnic minorities have captivated many tourists when coming to this place. here. The most beautiful time to visit Dong Van is in the spring, when the mustard flowers are bright yellow at the foot of the mountain, and the peach blossoms are crimson on the mossy tiled roofs. From the deep valley, the sound of the Mong flute calls out the pear and plum blossoms to bloom white, filling the forest area. The endless rocky mountains and endless stone fields, which are usually cold and dark gray, suddenly become brilliant with the fresh colors of spring. Everything just flows into each other, blending together into a beautiful picture in the northernmost part of the country. On October 3, 2010, in Lesvos (Greece), the Global Geopark Network (GGN) Advisory Council officially recognized Dong Van Karst Plateau as a member of the Global Geopark Network. demand, based on outstanding values ​​of: landscape; paleostratigraphy; historical development of geology - geomorphology and rich cultural traditions of the indigenous community.


Dong Xanh Park

Location: Dong Xanh Park - a cultural space of the Northern Central Highlands, located in An Phu commune, Pleiku city, Gia Lai province. Characteristics: This is a place to rest, recuperate and explore the cultural identity of the Central Highlands.

Dong Xanh Park - a cultural space of the Northern Central Highlands, invested and built by Gia Lai Culture - Tourism Joint Stock Company, located in An Phu commune, Pleiku city, Gia Lai province. From the center of Pleiku mountain town, about 10km along Highway 19, visitors will come to Dong Xanh Park. With an area of ​​about 8 hectares, Dong Xanh Park stretches across An Phu rice fields with an area of ​​about 14 hectares; Looming in the distance are the villages of the Gia Rai and Ba Na ethnic people... with beautiful communal roofs and long houses; Suspension bridges span the stream and somewhere the sound of forest music is bustling and melodious... When coming to Dong Xanh Park, the first thing visitors see is the statue of two elephants made of stone - symbolizing The Central Highlands people are very good at taming wild elephants, which are located right at the entrance gate. Continuing inside, observing in general, visitors will encounter a system of bungalows built next to the aquarium and flower garden to serve visitors when they want to stay here overnight. The first water park and wave pool in the Central Highlands, a lotus pond with beautifully arranged rockeries, a garden with many birds and animals such as ostriches, deer, leopards, bears, crocodiles ... Special; walking in the middle of this Green Field full of strange flowers and plants; Visitors will see the largest fossilized tree over 1 million years old in Vietnam - found at the crater of Chu A Thai commune, Ajun Pa district, Gia Lai province; Visit the statue of the Water King (Po Tau Ia) and a number of other architectural works bearing the bold colors of the Central Highlands. Besides, visitors can also gradually learn and discover the unique and mysterious features of Central Highlands culture through architectural models of tomb houses, communal houses, and long houses; through legends combined with patterns and motifs synthesized and stylized on the symbol of the Central Highlands Monument; through the music of ethnic villages such as: the sound of water T'rung, the sound of rice mortars, the sound of gongs... and immerse yourself in the jubilant atmosphere of the Central Highlands festival. With fresh, airy air and the sweet scent of the domestic wind, Dong Xanh Park is truly an ideal tourist destination for visitors to come here to rest, explore and participate in exciting entertainment activities. such as: yachting, duck boating, fishing...


Chung Khoeng Waterfall

Location: Pulse Khoeng Waterfall is located in Ia Me commune, Chu Prong district, Gia Lai province. Characteristics: Pulse Khoeng Waterfall is an interesting resting place, here visitors can both admire the majestic beauty of nature and breathe in Breathing fresh air makes the soul relaxed and calm.

The waterfall surface is large, wide and relatively flat. On both sides of the bank, trees grow luxuriantly. Behind the waterfall is a high, deep blue sky. The water poured down and curved along the soft rock slopes, hitting the rocks floating on the water's surface, creating white foam. Water flows through the rocks and on the green grass, creating a clear lake, close to the surrounding cliffs. Sitting on the moss-covered rocks, looking up at the sky, the sky is blue, the wind is blowing coolly, the space is full of steam caressing the skin, eyes watching the flow and ears listening to the steady rumbling sound. of water rushing against the cliff. The sounds seem to never end, like the sounds of bells, gongs, and drums in villages during festivals.


Kon Ka Kinh National Park

Location: Kon Ka Kinh National Park (area 41,780ha) is located in the northeast of Gia Lai province, about 50km from Pleiku city, with the north bordering Kon Tum province and Dak Roong commune, KBang district (Gia Lai); The south borders Ha Ra commune, AYun commune and Dak Jo Ta commune, Mang Yang district; The east borders Dak Roong commune, K Rong commune and Lo Ku commune, KBang district and the west borders Ha Dong commune, Dak Doa district (Gia Lai). Characteristics: It is an ideal eco-tourism destination, very suitable for tourists who come here to rest, convalesce and do scientific research.

In 1986, Kon Ka Kinh National Park (area of ​​about 28,000 hectares) was included in the list of special-use forests to preserve high mountain subtropical forests with gymnosperm species. In 1999, the Forest Investigation and Planning Institute (FIPI) combined with the International Bird Organization (BirdLife Intemational) to build an investment project to establish Kon Ka Kinh Nature Reserve and this project was approved by the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development. Rural development approved by Gia Lai Provincial People's Committee. On November 25, 2002, Kon Ka Kinh Nature Reserve was officially converted into Kon Ka Kinh National Park with an area of ​​41,780 hectares according to Decision No. 167/2002/QD-TTg of the Prime Minister. Through the meeting of Ministers on environmental resources held in Iagon (Mianma) on December 18, 2003, Kon Ka Kinh National Park was recognized as an ASEAN heritage park. Kon Ka Kinh National Park is mainly primary forest with main forest vegetation types including: evergreen closed forest, low mountain subtropical humid forest and mixed coniferous and broadleaf closed forest, containing a lot of po mu; this type of forest is only found in Kon Ka Kinh National Park. Due to the diverse characteristics of terrain, climate and a number of other factors that form forests, Kon Ka Kinh National Park has a very rich forest flora; This place is the convergence point of plant flows such as: The plant flow of the North Vietnam system includes species of plants belonging to the legume family, mulberry, custard apple, rag, castor and magnolia... The plant flow of the area The Yunnan - Guizhou system and the foothills of the Himalayas include coniferous species of the gymnosperm subphylum such as: pine tree, false yellow sandalwood, golden tree, pomu... The flora of the Malaysia - Indonesia system includes includes tree species of the Dipterocarpus family such as: Cho Chai, Cho Den, Cho Chi, Cam. The Indo-Myanmar plant flow includes a number of tree species of the almond family such as: Choi; horoscope families such as: guava pomelo... Besides, there are also a number of endemic species such as: central beetle, du moc, star fruit, red-striped royal jelly, red-knot, parasol, monitor, pine-da Lat, spina, song tat and a number of other rare species are recorded in the Vietnam and world red books. Besides such a rich forest flora, the Park also has a forest fauna endemic to both Vietnam and Indochina, including: 5 large mammal species such as: tawny-cheeked gibbon, gray-shanked douc langur, tiger, Truong Son gill and big gill. 7 species of birds such as: black-headed babbler, long-billed babbler, kon ka Kinh babbler - a new species discovered for science within the last 30 years in Asia, gray-headed babbler, yellow-billed tree climber, pheasant striped lizard and red-assed pagoda monk. 4 species belonging to the class of amphibian reptiles: net-trading lizard, red-tailed lizard, Sapa guy, and rough thorny frog. In addition to the above endemic species; The forest fauna and flora in Kon Ka Kinh National Park has about 38 other rare animal species; It has value for genetic resource conservation and scientific research and is recorded in both the Vietnamese and world red books. In addition to the diversity and richness of forest flora and fauna; Kon Ka Kinh National Park also plays an important role in protecting the watersheds of large rivers such as Ba River and Dak Pne River, providing irrigation water for thousands of hectares of coffee, pepper, and land. agriculture and water supply for districts of Gia Lai and Kon Tum provinces. Furthermore, the western part of the National Park is part of the basin of Ya Ly hydroelectric power plant. Standing on the top of Kon Ka Kinh (1,748m high) looking down, visitors can fully feel the majesty of the Truong Son mountains and forests, enjoy the fresh, cool air and seemingly beautiful scenery here. stretching endlessly before the eyes of visitors: Mountains covered with mist, waterfalls pouring from above with white foam and the songs of all kinds of birds calling to find each other... Come to Kon Ka Kinh is a tourist coming to the villages of ethnic minorities in the Central Highlands, where visitors will have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the atmosphere of festivals such as: grave leaving ceremony, gong festival, wedding ceremony. asking questions, buffalo stabbing ceremony... Kon Ka Kinh National Park is not only known as a priority area for biodiversity conservation in both Vietnam, the region and internationally, but in the near future, it will also become an eco-tourism destination, attracting tourists who come here to rest, convalesce and do scientific research.


Buu Nghiem Pagoda

Location: Ly Thai To Street, Pleiku City, Gia Lai Province. Characteristics: Place to worship Buddha and also the Office of the Buddhist Executive Committee of Gia Lai province.

The pagoda is located on Ly Thai To street about 200 meters west of Moi market. The pagoda was built in 1964 with an area of ​​3,565 square meters. The pagoda has been restored many times, such as in 1978, the main hall was restored. The most recent was a large-scale restoration in 2004 led by Venerable Tu Huong. The temple gate includes the main gate and side gate. The side gate is on the left of the main gate. Particularly, the main gate has three gates, the gate pillars are made of concrete, and the door is made of relatively solid iron. On the three-entrance gate there are two pairs of parallel sentences, with a yellow background and red letters. Tam Bao Palace has a three-storey roof structure. The outside campus has two-storey towers on both sides. The tower on the right inside has a bell weighing one ton 1.60 m high, cast in 1974. In front, there is Guan Yin Buddha standing in the middle with a height of about 2 m, making the campus The temple becomes more majestic. The first floor of the pagoda is the ancestral temple; The place to worship Patriarch Dat Ma and the Holy Men and Women. The Buddha statue of Chuan De Vuong Bodhisattva with 18 arms is worshiped in the middle of the floor. On the second floor with a very large area is the main hall worshiping Shakyamuni Buddha, on both sides worshiping Manjushri and Pho Hien. This is also the place to preach sutras and sermons to Buddhists every time the Buddhas, Patriarchs and the country's holidays come. Buu Nghiem Pagoda has contributed many important Buddhist works to the province's Buddhism. Currently led by Venerable Thich Quang Phuc.


Yaly hydroelectric power plant

Location: Yaly hydroelectric project is located on the Se San river, in Chu Pah district, Gia Lai province. Characteristics: This is the third largest national key project after Hoa Binh hydropower plant and Son La hydropower plant.

The famous Yaly Waterfall in the past has now been replaced by a beautiful scene of spillways, flood discharge spillways and a large clear blue lake in the middle of the mountains and forests of the Central Highlands. With a lake surface area of ​​64.5km² and a capacity of 1.03 billion m³ (corresponding to a normal water level rise of 515m), the Ialy hydroelectric project was built here. Yaly hydropower plant with installed capacity of 720Mw and average annual electricity output of 3.7 billion kWh. The process of building and operating the Yaly hydroelectric plant has greatly affected the economic - cultural - social life... of the Central Highlands in general and Gia Lai in particular. In particular, the power source has brought light to many villages, contributing to improving people's knowledge in the area. In the future, above and below Yaly hydropower plant is expected to build 4 more hydropower plants: Se San 3, Se San 4, Plei Krong and Thuong Kon Tum. Se San 3 and Se San 4 are plants located downstream of the Yaly hydropower plant. Today Yaly waterfall is still an interesting tourist destination. Coming here, tourists have the opportunity to visit the hydroelectric plant, visit the Gia Rai ethnic village, take a boat up the Se San river to admire the mountain scenery and enjoy the atmosphere of the Central Highlands forests.


The relic site of Deputy Bang Nguyen Sinh Sac

Location: Pho Bang Nguyen Sinh Sac relic site is located at 123/1 Pham Huu Lau, Ward 4, Cao Lanh city, Dong Thap province. Characteristics: This is a work dedicated to Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac, a patriotic Confucian and the father of President Ho Chi Minh.

Nguyen Sinh Sac's grave relic site is a unique cultural architectural complex, ranked as a national monument by the Ministry of Culture on April 9, 1992. A gentle, intelligent, studious boy but orphaned at a young age, Nguyen Sinh Sac was adopted by Confucian scholar Hoang Xuan Duong and given a good education. After that, he went to Vinh to take the Huong exam and passed his bachelor's degree. At this time, Mr. Hoang gave him his daughter, Hoang Thi Loan, as his wife. Later, he passed the Vice Rank and became a mandarin for the Nguyen Dynasty. At the end of his life, he lived and worked as a teacher and pharmacist in Hoa An village, Dong Thap province. The tomb relic site of Deputy Nguyen Sinh Sac was started construction in August 1975 and inaugurated in December 1977. With an area of ​​3.6 hectares, the relic site is divided into three main areas including: Uncle Nguyen Sinh Sac's mausoleum, Uncle Ho's stilt house and lotus pond. Uncle Pho Bang's tomb faces east and has a stylized lotus petal-shaped roof that resembles the shape of a hand spread downwards; On the roof are embossed statues of nine dragons, symbolizing the Mekong Delta provinces that always protect and protect the graves of patriots. The tomb is covered with marble, the tomb floor is made of irregular hexagonal ground stone, gradually expanding to the sides and front. On the tomb there is a marble top made of Ngu Hanh Son stone, fragrant smoke day and night. The grounds The mausoleum has many types of ornamental plants and rare fruits that people all over the country bring home as souvenirs, especially the nearly 300-year-old star fruit tree (located on the left side of the tomb) and the over 300-year-old Sop tree (located on the right side of the tomb). . In front of the tomb is a 5-pointed star-shaped lotus pond, in the middle stands a stylized white lotus stand nearly 7 meters high, symbolizing the pure life and clear conscience of Deputy Nguyen Sinh Sac, and that is also is a symbol of Dong Thap homeland. Leaving Uncle Nguyen's mausoleum, visitors will visit the memorial house displaying many artifacts and documents related to his life and career, especially the time he spent in Cao Lanh and the Southern region, and Uncle Ho's stilt house area. The lake was restored to the original form of Uncle Ho's stilt house right at the Presidential Palace in Hanoi. Here, visitors can also feel and imagine Uncle Ho's frugal life, his working corner, his resting place after work... Every year, on the 27th day of the 10th lunar month, people in all regions Neighbors gathered here to attend the death anniversary of Uncle Nguyen Sinh Sac in a solemn atmosphere, rich in national identity, expressing the tradition of "Drinking water, remember the source". Dong Thap province decided to raise the death anniversary of Uncle Nguyen Sinh Sac. Every year Nguyen Sinh Sac becomes a provincial festival.


Xeo Quyt - historical and ecological site of Melaleuca forest

Location: Xeo Quyt belongs to 2 communes My Hiep and My Long, Cao Lanh district, Dong Thap province. Characteristics: Xeo Quyt - a base in the heart of the people preserved in its original state: tunnels, fortifications, secret bunkers... . helps visitors understand the harsh life during the anti-American era.

About 30km from Cao Lanh town, Dong Thap province, along Highway 30, is a Melaleuca forest of more than 20 hectares planned and preserved by Dong Thap province to become a revolutionary relic, in the natural setting of Melaleuca forest. This place used to be the base of the Kien Phong Provincial Party Committee during the resistance war against the US (from the end of 1959). The natural cajuput forests sheltered officers and soldiers who remained to carry out revolutionary activities until the day of complete victory30. April 1975. Like the cajuput forest in Dong Thap Muoi, U Minh Thuong and U Minh Ha are associated with the heroic history of opening and defending the country, bringing attractive beauty to today's generations. Visiting the Melaleuca forest during the flood season, visitors have the opportunity to visit the monument by rowing boat to see all the beauty. The dinghy takes tourists through the melaleuca trunks covered with many layers of golden bark as thin as cigarette paper, breathing in the cool, humid air fragrant with the scent of flowers and cajuput resin, listening to the sounds of nature echoing in the sky. Silence. In deep water, use oars; in shallow water, use poles and sometimes have to hold on to tree roots to push the canoe forward. The forest scene is like a smoothly flowing painting. What is unique and different here is that on the melaleuca stems there are vines clinging densely, increasing the coverage below. The sound of birds humming, the sound of fish splashing in the water, and the excited cries of tourists. Nature is full of life. Although Xeo Quyt Melaleuca Forest is not large, from here visitors have the basis to think of the image of the famous large Melaleuca forests in Dong Thap Muoi. Xeo Quyt - a base located in the middle of dense enemy posts, with fierce bombs and bullets during raids but still standing firmly in the heart of the people with only underground houses, fortifications, secret bunkers... very simple as it is. Tourists have the opportunity to understand more about the real scene of harsh life during the anti-American era - a mark of the fierce war.


Hang Gon ancient tomb

Location: Hang Gon ancient tomb is located at an altitude of 250m west of provincial road 2 (Long Khanh to Ba Ria), 80km from Bien Hoa city, in Hang Gon commune, Long Khanh town, Dong Nai province. Characteristics: Hang Gon ancient tomb is a ranked cultural relic, representing an ancient culture that appeared more than 2,500 years ago and is the largest in Vietnam still preserved today.

Hang Gon ancient tomb was discovered by Mr. Bouchot J., a French bridge engineer, in 1927 when opening inter-provincial road No. 2 connecting Long Khanh and Ba Ria. The ancient tomb has an architecture consisting of two rows of stone pillars surrounding a crypt. There are 10 stone pillars ranging from 2.5 - 3m high. The crypt is box-shaped, measuring 4.2 x 2.7m and 1.6m high. The special feature of the ancient tomb is that it is made up of marble slabs weighing many tons, the tomb lid alone is estimated to be about 10 tons. There are many large, flat, balanced, sophisticated, and scientific stone slabs, symbolizing the civilization of the ancients. This tomb is one of the typical monuments of its type in Southeast Asia. Since 1992, Hang Gon ancient tomb was restored and a protective wall was built, bricks were paved around the tomb to prevent erosion and many trees were planted around.


Buu Phong Pagoda

Location: Buu Phong Pagoda is located on Buu Long mountain, Buu Long ward, City. Bien Hoa, Dong Nai province. Characteristics: Buu Phong Pagoda is an ancient moss-covered pagoda, with statues with special Asian sculptures.




Buu Long tourist area - Long An lake

6km from Bien Hoa city center, Buu Long tourist area is built around an artificial lake created by stone mining. That is Long An Lake, a lake of dozens of hectares.

Coming to Buu Long, visitors will go to the 35m high oasis in the middle of the lake, where dozens of rare bird species gather, travel on the lake by boat, or Pedallo Swan, visit the water-spewing stone dragon. Giant, mermaid miniatures, communal houses... of Khong Long Park was inaugurated in February 1995. Next to the lake are two low mountains, on Buu Long mountain there is the famous ancient Buu Phong pagoda located low. A glimpse behind the large Bodhi tree; There is Long Son Thach Dong cave shaped like a frog jaw with many mysterious hanging stalactites. After visiting the lake, climbing mountains to admire the pagoda, and enjoying games on the water, visitors can also visit the famous Tan Trieu grapefruit village and visit the traditional stone chiseling profession with artistic imprints. late 17th century sculpture in Mesopotamia, China of a small Chinese community living near a lake. Buu Long with Long An Lake is a very attractive place for tourists who want to picnic and find nature on a relaxing day.


Cat Tien National Park

Location: Cat Tien is the name of a land located in the bend of the Dong Nai River, in the territory of three provinces of Dong Nai, Binh Phuoc and Lam Dong. Characteristics: Legend has it that this place has a fairy who often comes down to earth to have fun and enjoy the cool water, so it is called "Nam Cat Tien". This is an archaeological work of great cultural, historical and religious value that can determine the existence and origin of a kingdom that has been forgotten for more than 1,300 years.

Cat Tien National Park has a total area of ​​70,548ha, of which the area in Dong Nai: 39,108ha; Area in Lam Dong province: 26,969 hectares; Area in Binh Phuoc province: 4,469ha. Cat Tien National Park headquarters is located in Tan Phu district, Dong Nai. The garden has diverse natural landscapes: both hills, riverside beaches, large flat glades, and steep streams. In the rainy season, gentle streams become waterfalls, water pouring white over large rocky slopes. Many winding and winding waterfalls create wide golden sand beaches like natural beaches. Cat Tien not only has breathtaking scenery, but is also located in the transition area of ​​mountainous and plain climate, so Cat Tien has a unique climate. The terrain surrounded by rivers and streams allows the old forest to be both kept intact and become a gathering place for most types of forests in the Southern Delta. This is a primeval forest typical of the lowland tropical moist forest ecosystem. The forest has many ancient trees such as banyan tree and redwood. The flora has more than 1,362 species of higher plants, more than 440 species of precious wood, hundreds of medicinal plants, 133 species of orchids... Regarding animals, there are 62 species of mammals, 121 species of birds, including birds. rarities such as red pheasant, green ibis, one-horned rhinoceros, elephant... Archaeologists have found an animist temple of the Funan culture on top of hill A1 (Quang Ngai commune, Phu Nam district). Cat Tien, Lam Dong province) in the Dong Nai River upstream area. That is a temple area built of rough bricks, pedestals, door frames, pillars made of green granite carved with patterns, Lingas made of gold or gold covered with silver, a Linga - Yoni 2.1m high, 0.00 in diameter. .7m of polished green stone, the largest in Southeast Asia with more than a hundred gold pieces engraved with images depicting daily life scenes at that time: dancers, warriors, elephants, cows, lotus flowers... Cat National Park First way City. Ho Chi Minh is about 150km along Highway 20. Cat Tien is an attractive ecological and cultural tourist destination of the Southeast region with many types of tourism such as walking, bird watching, camping, and yachting. , adventure tourism... In the middle of the vast river, there are islands running along the water. On the island, ancient trees grow interspersed with large patches of grass, making it an ideal place to camp and light a fire at night. Along the riverside, following the main road to the left are all types of old forests, mixed with precious wood species: tapioca, sandalwood, rosewood, rosewood, mahogany... On the right side of the forest road is the waterfall. Heaven, one of the most interesting rapids of Cat Tien. Continuing through the forest, through deep valleys, you will reach Bau Sau, the largest water reservoir, located in the center of Cat Tien National Park. Bau intestines contain many types of fish, especially freshwater crocodiles. Ven Bau is the gathering place of many large flocks of birds such as peacocks, pheasants, pheasants, cranes, gulls, gulls, parrots, teal, black ticks...


Ngoa Van Pagoda

Location: located on Ngoa Van peak of Bao Dai mountain, Tay Son village, Binh Khe commune, Dong Trieu district, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: This is the place to practice and enter Nirvana of Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong in the 13th century..

Ngoa Van peak is located on the southern slope of Bao Dai mountain (also known as Ve Rong mountain), in the Yen Tu range, at an average altitude of 588 - 644m above sea level. Because the north of Bao Dai Mountain is shielded by high mountains, moisture blown in from the sea is blocked and condensed into clouds, causing the southern slope of the mountain, including Ngoa Van peak, to be covered with clouds all year round. creating a blurry and mysterious scene. Therefore, the mountain peak and the pagoda located here are named Ngoa Van (meaning lying clouds). Ngoa Van Pagoda was built during the Tran Dynasty and is one of the typical works located in the Tran Dynasty Historical Relic Area in Dong Trieu. After practicing asceticism and founding the Truc Lam Zen sect in Yen Tu, King Tran Nhan Tong came down from the mountain, went everywhere to educate people to practice the ten virtues, and give medicine to cure diseases. In May of the year Dinh Mui (1307), he went to Bao Dai mountain, chose Ngoa Van peak to build a hut as a place to practice. At the hour of the Rat, on the 3rd day of the 11th lunar month, Mau Than year (1308), he transformed into Buddha at Ngoa Van hermitage, completely ending his cultivation process. Ngoa Van thus became the holy land of Truc Lam Buddhism. After King Tran Nhan Tong became Buddha, along with the strong development of the Truc Lam Zen sect, Zen Master Phap Loa, the successor of the Zen sect, built Ngoa Van from just a small hermitage into a complex. Large pagoda tower on Bao Dai mountain, including many clusters and construction sites such as: am - tower cluster, main pagoda, Thong Dan - Do Kieu cluster, Ngoa Van area 1 and 2. Experiencing the events, ups and downs of history Historically, many constructions in Ngoa Van have been abandoned, only a few relics remain such as: Tan Long area, Am Tra palace, Do Kieu slope, Thong Dan, Da Chong area, Ba Bac area..., of which The highlight is the Ngoa Van pagoda-am area. Recognizing the important values ​​of Ngoa Van pagoda and hermitage to the historical development of Vietnamese Buddhism, Dong Trieu town has coordinated with the Executive Board of the Buddhist Sangha of Quang Ninh province to restore, embellish and develop the temple. promote the value of Ngoa Van relic. Currently, the Ngoa Van pagoda-am area includes architectural items such as: To house (main pagoda), Son Than am, Ngoa Van am... The To house is a place to worship Buddha and the Three Patriarchs of the Truc Lam Zen sect, present rectangular with an area of ​​50m2, 3 tiled compartments, and stone walls. Here, there are statues of Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong, Venerable Phap Loa, Venerable Huyen Quang, Van Hue, Pho Hien, and Buddha Shakyamuni. The statues are all cast in bronze with a height of each from 1.3m to 2.2m. Next to the Patriarch's house, there are still two stone towers built of rice stone and semi-laterite stone (laterite). These are the Buddha Emperor tower containing the relics of King Tran Nhan Tong and the Doan Nghiem tower containing the relics of Zen Master Duc Hung, a disciple of the Truc Lam Zen sect. In front of the Buddha Tower, there is a rectangular stone stele built in the 21st year of Minh Menh (1840). About 10m east of the Patriarch's house, Son Than Am (a place to worship the mountain god) is an architectural structure with a rectangular floor plan with an area of ​​9.2m2 and a domed brick roof. In front of Son Than temple, there is a stone stele built in the 3rd year of Vinh Thinh (1707) recording the restoration process of Ngoa Van pagoda. Having the same architecture as Son Than Am, Ngoa Van Am is where King Tran Nhan Tong passed away. According to legend, when entering Nirvana, the Buddha was in the lion position lying on a large rock in the hermitage. This rock is today called Nirvana stone, 4.4m long, 3.65m wide and 2.44m high. To get to Ngoa Van Pagoda relics, in addition to two trails up the mountain, visitors can also use the cable car system with a length of about 2km. Along with that, the route connects the relics and scenic spots of Yen Tu (city). Uong Bi) with the Tran Dynasty Historical Relic Area in Dong Trieu also creates favorable conditions for people, Buddhists and tourists from all over to visit and worship the holy land of Truc Lam Buddhism. Ngoa Van Pagoda - Am was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical and cultural relic in 2006.


Ba Vang Pagoda

Location: Ba Vang Mountain, Quang Trung Ward, City. Uong Bi, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: The pagoda is a spiritual tourism destination that attracts a large number of tourists, and is a place to preserve Buddhist cultural values, especially the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect.

Ba Vang Pagoda is also known as Bao Quang Tu. According to the content engraved on the stone incense tree in front of the pagoda, Ba Vang Pagoda was built with wood in 1706 by Zen Master Tue Bich - a descendant of the Third Patriarch of Truc Lam Yen Tu. The pagoda has been restored many times and The current architecture is the result of a major restoration in 2011. The pagoda is located on an area of ​​about 22 hectares, with the "mountain and water" position with its back leaning against the mountain and facing the Bach Dang river. Stretching on both sides of the pagoda is a green pine forest. The pagoda has an architecture imbued with Vietnamese culture, including 3 worship halls, main hall, harem and many other auxiliary items, notably the three internal gates and Dai Hung Bao Dien (main hall). designed in the style of a Northern pagoda, including 3 arched doors (the middle door is the largest). Above the 3 doors are 3 tile-roofed bell towers, the roof corners have statues of Dragon, Lan, Quy, and Phung mascots. The front of the three-door entrance gate has parallel sentences engraved in Chinese characters. The three internal gates overlooking the semicircular lake are arranged with stone benches, miniature landscapes, and green trees. In the middle of the lake is a pagoda designed according to the architecture of the One Pillar Pagoda (Hanoi) located on a stylized lotus leaf. Passing through the inner gate, you will reach the large courtyard leading to the entrance with an area of ​​about 4,000m². This is the main hall that has been recognized by the Indochina Records Organization as "The largest main hall on the mountain in Indochina" in 2014. The outstanding feature in the architecture of the Dai Hung Bao Dien building is the entire truss column, roof, The beams... are made of reinforced concrete but painted in wood grain colors, so the building still bears the bold features of pure Vietnamese architecture. On the walls of Dai Hung Bao Dien, many delicate patterns are carved, especially large-sized murals from 6-30m depicts the life of Shakyamuni Buddha from birth to becoming a monk, attaining enlightenment and preaching. Around Dai Hung Bao Dien, there is a continuous arrangement of works such as the Patriarch's house, lecture area, boys' room, library, bell tower, drum tower, Arhat statue corridor, museum, and miniature rockery space. .. creates a harmonious architectural complex, convenient for monks, nuns and Buddhists to worship and visit. In addition to its unique architecture, Ba Vang Pagoda also has a system of wooden statues such as statues of Tam The, Quan Am, Mr. Thien, Mr. Evil... Besides, many valuable antiques such as stone stele, stone turtle... , especially the monolithic red wooden dugout drum, which was recognized as the largest in the country by the Vietnam Records Organization in 2014, is also preserved and kept at the pagoda. Every night, the entire LED light system mounted on the edge of the pagoda's roof is turned on, creating a splendid and brilliant space. Ba Vang Pagoda is the only place in Quang Ninh province to organize a Chrysanthemum festival on the occasion of Trung Duong Tet - the Tet holiday of chrysanthemums (9/9 lunar calendar) to honor the image of chrysanthemums - a Buddhist cultural symbol. , associated with the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect. The festival includes many unique activities such as the meditation ceremony of taking water from the ancient well in the temple to the main hall; green offering ceremony; ceremony to pray for national prosperity and people's peace; chrysanthemum arrangement competition on display at La Han garden; Enjoy chrysanthemum tea; recite meditation poetry; calligraphy demonstration; listen to Dharma teachings; show movies about Buddha; Watch opera and cheo performances...


Bach Dang stake yard

Location: Pile yard in Yen Giang ward, Quang Yen town, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: This stake yard was used in the battle against the Mongol army in 1288. The stake yard includes hundreds of stakes made of ironwood tree trunks planted deep in the mud, 3 to 5 meters long and spaced about 1 meter apart.




Dau Go cave

Location: Located on Dau Go Island right next to Thien Cung Cave, in Ha Long Bay, Quang Ninh province. Features: Starfish-shaped cave entrance. The cave has 3 compartments of about 8,000 square meters. The French call this cave Grotte des Merveilles (Cave of Wonders).




Ngoc Vung island and beach

Location: 34km from the cruise ship port, in Van Don district, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: Around the island there are many beautiful beaches, 182m high Van Xuan mountain, and an archaeological site of Ha Long culture with an area of ​​45,000m2.




Royal Park

Location: Royal International Park is located along Bai Chay beach, running from Bai Chay cruise port to close to Ha Long night market. Characteristics: This is an entertainment complex, with an area of ​​about 8 hectares.




Cua Van fishing village

Location: Fishing village in Hung Thang commune, Ha Long city, about 20km from the tourist wharf. Characteristics: Cua Van village has 176 households including 733 people, most of whom make a living by fishing.




Ha Long Market

Location: The market is located in the center of Ha Long city. Characteristics: This is the commercial wholesale market of Quang Ninh province. The goods here are quite diverse, from common goods to high-end goods, most of which are goods made in China.




Yen Giang communal house

Location: Yen Giang communal house is located in Yen Giang ward, Quang Yen town, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: The temple worships the village's Thanh Hoang, the national hero Tran Hung Dao.




Dinh Phong Coc

Location: Phong Coc Communal House is located in the center of Phong Coc ward on Ha Nam island in Quang Yen town, Quang Ninh province, 5 km from Chanh ferry port. Characteristics: The communal house was built in the late 17th and early 18th centuries to worship the village's Thanh Hoang and the four Holy Mothers. This is an exquisitely carved architectural work, showing vivid daily scenes on wood.




Trung Coc Temple

Location: Trung Coc Temple is located on a high mound in Nam Hoa ward, Quang Yen town, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: The temple is built in the style of the letter "nail" with three front halls and two back halls. The temple worships Tran Hung Dao and Pham Ngu Lao and still preserves a number of ordinations and worship objects of high artistic value.




Tra Co Church

Location: Tra Co Church is located in Tra Co ward, Mong Cai city, Quang Ninh province. Features: The church was built in the 19th century and restored in 1995. The church has hundreds of reliefs and an 80-year-old bell.




Hang Hanh

Location: At the foot of Quang Hanh mountain, 20km from Bai Chay, in Ha Long Bay, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: The cave is low, if you want to go inside, you have to take a small boat and wait until the tide is low. To enter the cave, you need to bring a flashlight or torch.




Cua Ong Temple

Location: Cua Ong Ward, City. Cam Pha, Quang Ninh province Characteristics: is a sacred temple and has breathtaking scenery

From Ha Long city, follow Highway 18 northeast about 30km to Cam Pha city, then turn right and continue more than 100m, visitors will reach Cua Ong temple. Cua Ong Temple was built in the 19th century, originally called Hoang Tiet Temple, worshiping Hoang Can, a local man who had many merits in fighting invaders and robbers, and was awarded the title "Envoy of Eastern Dao Tiet" by the kings. Later, the temple worshiped Hung Nhuong Vuong Tran Quoc Tang (third son of Hung Dao Dai Vuong Tran Quoc Tuan) - who had many contributions in the resistance war against the Mongol army, protecting the border and territorial waters of the Eastern region. North Fatherland. The temple is located on a hill about 100m high overlooking Bai Tu Long Bay, on both sides there are two small hills protecting it, in accordance with the rule "left Thanh Long, right Bach Ho", behind is a mountain range running long past. Cam Pha, Mong Duong. This place has a blend of mountains, forests and seas, creating a charming and majestic landscape, but also full of solemnity and tranquility. The location of the temple was praised by the ancients: "Thousands of blue water insects let go of their sleeves - The green mountains on all four sides carve out designs". Cua Ong Temple was built with materials such as cast stone, Bat Trang bricks, mortar mixed with honey, and baked clay. The interior of the temple uses different types of wood, ironwood, rosewood, and mahogany. The temple's architecture is decorated according to the legends: Dragon, Ly, Quy, Phuong along with splendid reliefs, palapas, and couplets painted in vermilion and gilded with gold. Cua Ong Temple consists of two architectural clusters: the Lower temple worshiping the Mother Goddess and the Upper temple worshiping Tran Quoc Tang and his family and courtiers. Thuong Temple has a "cong" (工) shaped architecture including three front halls, two bamboo chambers and three back palaces. In front of Thuong Temple there is a three-entrance gate, behind is Tran Quoc Tang mausoleum, on the left is a building for guests to enter the temple and on the right is a small pagoda. Inside Thuong Temple, there are also 34 large and small statues dating back quite early, crafted from precious materials, with high historical and artistic value. From February 3 of the lunar calendar to the end of the third lunar month every year, the Cua Ong Temple Festival takes place here with many solemn rituals and unique cultural activities. In 2017, Cua Ong Temple was ranked a special national monument by the State, contributing to affirming the value of the monument in the cultural and spiritual life of Quang Ninh people and tourists from everywhere.


Museum - library of Quang Ninh province

Location: located in the complex of cultural works in Column 3 area, Hong Hai ward, Ha Long city, Quang Ninh province Characteristics: unique architecture, beautiful space, displaying many valuable artifacts .

Designed by Spanish architect Salvador Perez Arroyo, Quang Ninh Museum - Library is located on a total area of ​​nearly 24,000m² with a total investment of more than 900 billion VND, including 3 blocks connected to Separated by a system of overhead bridges are museums, libraries, and conference and display areas. Inspired by the image of coal - a typical mineral of Quang Ninh, the cluster of works is like a symbol on the most beautiful coastal road in Ha Long. In particular, the building is equipped with 14,000m² of semi-tempered glass that is resistant to spontaneous breakage due to thermal changes. With bold architectural techniques, the building is like a giant mirror reflecting the image of the world natural heritage of Ha Long Bay. As soon as you enter the ground floor of the museum building, visitors will admire a whale skeleton and a sailboat model. The first floor is arranged with mountain tube-shaped display columns made from modern materials such as steel frames, tempered glass railings and especially a fabric cover printed with images of Ha Long Bay's rocky mountains combined with technology. Light projection creates water effects that make visitors feel like they are walking in a miniature Ha Long Bay space. The second floor of the block is designed according to a wooden boat model to introduce Quang Ninh through the prehistoric and early historical periods, the Bach Dang victory, the resistance war against the French and Americans and the Buddhist culture of Truc Lam Yen Tu. . On the 3rd floor, visitors will visit the space displaying economic achievements and typical cultural identities of the ethnic groups of Quang Ninh province; images of Uncle Ho visiting and working in Quang Ninh; Artifacts used in mining activities, especially the coal industry, simulate a coal mining system with wooden columns, trusses, trailers, etc. to help viewers have real-life experiences. about this industry. Besides the museum block, the library block is also designed in a modern style, in which the ground floor is a place to store books, newspapers, and magazines with over 100,000 books in all fields. The first floor includes conference rooms, seminar rooms, children's activity rooms, children's reading rooms, screening and stage rooms, cafe space... In particular, the children's area is designed in 3 consecutive oval shapes. : oval 1 displays children's books and magazines, oval 2 and 3 are where children can practice presentations, watch movies, draw pictures... The mezzanine floor has a business reading room, a book and newspaper exhibition gallery, and a magazine reading room. , foreign literature book store, circulating book store, reference store, special document store and Internet room. The second floor includes a general reading room, a reading room for people with disabilities, a general document warehouse with over 200,000 books and a conference room with over 60 seats. Connected to tourist attractions such as Bai Tho mountain relics and landscapes (Bai Tho mountain, Monsignor Tran Quoc Nghien temple, Long Tien pagoda), Hong Gai church area, Ha Ha commercial and entertainment complex. Long Marine Plaza, Vincom Center Ha Long commercial center..., Quang Ninh Museum - Library are unique tourism products containing values ​​​​of daily life, production and labor of local people. direction. Coming to Ha Long, visitors have the opportunity to visit relics and cultural works, participate in entertainment and shopping activities as well as experience the life of the city's people. Currently, Quang Ninh Museum - Library is open to visitors from 9:00 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. every Tuesday to Saturday. The project has been contributing to the promotion and development of Quang Ninh culture and tourism to domestic tourists and international friends.


Dog Rock

Location: Near Dau Go cave to the west, in Ha Long Bay. Characteristics: Looks like a dog.




Cong Do Island

Location: Located in the southeast of Ha Long Bay, 25km from Bai Chay cruise port, in Bai Tu Long Bay, in the World Natural Heritage area. Characteristics: This is one of the beautiful islands with many meandering sea valleys, creating interesting natural lakes, home to many marine species.




Bai Chay Commercial Center

Location: Bai Chay Trade Center Market is located on Vuon Dao street, Bai Chay area, City. Ha Long. Characteristics: Formerly a small market located on Vuon Dao street, today City. Ha Long has a newly opened street called Anh Dao street, so the market has been retreated inside and invested in building into a large, modern commercial center.




Trong Cave and Trinh Nu Cave

Location: Located on two wings of a small mountain arc east of Bo Hon island range, more than 3km from Sung Sot cave along the sea to the southeast. Characteristics: The cave has many stalactites and beautiful scenes associated with a touching love story of a couple who dared to sacrifice their lives to protect their love.




Tuan Chau island tourist area

Location: Tuan Chau island tourist area is about 8km from Ha Long city center. Characteristics: Tuan Chau island tourist area has an area of ​​220 hectares, created by gentle hills. A concrete road about 2km long connects the island to the mainland.




Van Linh Khanh Pagoda

Location: Van Linh Khanh Pagoda is located in Tra Co ward, Mong Cai city, Quang Ninh province. Characteristics: The pagoda was built in the 18th century on a large campus. Currently, the pagoda still retains more than 50 large and small statues and has an ancient vegetarian tree.




Dien Bien Phu Victory Museum

Location: Street 1, Muong Thanh Ward, City. Dien Bien Phu, Dien Bien province. Characteristics: Dien Bien Phu Museum was built in 1984 on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of the historic victory of Dien Bien Phu.

At the end of 2003, Dien Bien Phu museum upgraded and reorganized the exhibition area. Up to now, the museum has 5 display areas with 274 artifacts and 122 paintings according to each of the following themes: - Strategic location of Dien Bien Phu. - Group of enemy strongholds at Dien Bien Phu. - The Party prepares guidelines for the Dien Bien Phu campaign. - Impact of the Dien Bien Phu victory. - Dien Bien Phu today.


Hill A1

Location: Hill A1 is located in Muong Thanh ward, Dien Bien Phu city, Dien Bien province. Characteristics: Hill A1 is the most important stronghold in the group of French colonial strongholds in Dien Bien Phu.




Khe Sanh military base area

Location: Khe Sanh is located on Highway No. 9 in Huong Hoa district, Quang Tri province, 63km west of Dong Ha town. Characteristics: In 1965 - 1966, the US Army and the Army of the Republic of Vietnam built Khe Sanh into the largest base in the Route 9 defense line, a defense line considered "impregnable".




Quang Tri ancient citadel

Location: Ward 2, Quang Tri town, Quang Tri province, 2km east of National Highway 1A. Characteristics: Quang Tri Ancient Citadel was both a military citadel and the administrative headquarters of the Nguyen Dynasty in Quang Tri from 1809 to 1945.

Quang Tri ancient citadel was built and covered with soil since the beginning of King Gia Long's reign (1802) in Tien Kien village, Trieu Thanh commune, Trieu Phong district. In 1809, King Gia Long moved the citadel to Thach Han commune (now Ward 2, Quang Tri town). In 1837, King Minh Mang rebuilt the citadel with large fired bricks, bonded with lime, molasses and some other additives. The citadel has a square shape with a circumference of nearly 2,000m, a height of 9.4m, and a wall thickness of 12m. Surrounding the city wall is a wide trench system. The four corners of the citadel have 4 high fortresses, in the middle of the 4 sides of the citadel are the gates: Front, Back, Left, Right, each gate is 3.4m wide, built in a rolling dome style, above is a gazebo, curved roof, roofed. tile. In the inner city, there are architectural works such as: palace, Tuan Vu palace, flagpole, An Sat palace, Lanh Binh palace, Ty Phien, Ty Niet... During the war, the French colonialists and American imperialists transformed Quang Tri ancient citadel became a military zone and a prison to detain patriotic communist soldiers. This place has witnessed many tenacious battles of our army and people, typically the battle of the Liberation Army of South Vietnam against the counter-attacks to recapture the ancient citadel of Quang Tri by the Saigon puppet government throughout the years. 81 days and nights in the summer of 1972 (from June 28 to September 16, 1972). Experiencing the fierce destruction of the war, the ancient citadel only left traces of a few sections of the citadel, the prison, the Front gate and the Back gate. From 1993-1995, the system of trenches, bridges, culverts, some sections of the citadel and Tien gate were repaired. In particular, a large memorial was built in the middle of the ancient citadel to remember the merits of the liberation soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the peace of this land. The southwest corner of the citadel is a museum that holds many war remnants. On December 12, 1986, Quang Tri ancient citadel was ranked as a National Historical Site by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism). Currently, Quang Tri ancient citadel has become a destination attracting many domestic and international tourists to visit.


Cluster of historical relics on both banks of Hien Luong - Ben Hai bridge

Location: in 3 communes Vinh Thanh, Vinh Giang, Vinh Son, Cua Tung town, Vinh Linh district and Trung Hai commune, Gio Linh district, Quang Tri province. Characteristics: is a symbol of the brilliance of revolutionary heroism in the struggle for the desire to unify the country.

was first built with wood in 1928. In 1952, France rebuilt a new bridge with 7 spans, 178m long, 4m wide, reinforced concrete piers, pine wood-paneled bridge surface, and 1-high railings on both sides. 2m, maximum bridge load is 18 tons. According to the Geneva Agreement, a demilitarized zone on the 17th parallel, from the mouth of the Ben Hai River (Quang Tri, Vietnam) running along the length of the river to the Vietnam - Laos border will become a temporary military line dividing Vietnam into 2 South - North. At that time, Hien Luong Bridge across Ben Hai River was also divided into 2 parts belonging to 2 regions and painted in 2 colors: the Southern half of the bridge (on the South bank) was painted yellow, the Northern half of the bridge (on the North bank). ) painted blue, the boundary between the two parts of the bridge is a horizontal white line 1cm wide. After being destroyed by American bombs in 1967, Hien Luong Bridge became a "symbol" of the division of the country into North and South. From 2001 - 2008, in order to preserve historical evidence of Hien Luong bridge, Quang Tri province restored the bridge based on the design of Hien Luong bridge built by France in 1952, with a length of 183.65m and a width of 5.50m. , the circulation section is 3.20m. In particular, the bridge railings are also painted in two colors, blue and yellow, to depict Hien Luong bridge during the period when the country was still divided. Currently, Hien Luong Bridge connects Highway 1A, crosses Ben Hai River, the north bank belongs to Hien Luong village (Vinh Thanh commune), the south bank belongs to Xuan Hoa village (Trung Hai commune). According to the provisions of the Geneva Agreement, along both banks of the Ben Hai River (the boundary river) there are 4 police stations. Therefore, on the north bank of the river there are Hien Luong and Cua Tung police stations, on the south bank of the river there are Xuan Hoa and Cat Son police stations. The police stations are staffed with about 20 people, equipped with pistols and infantry submachine guns, and are responsible for maintaining the demilitarized zone status, controlling people crossing the border, and controlling each other in enforcing the regulations. terms of the Agreement and is placed under the supervision of International Organization 76 (including representatives of Canada, India, and Poland). In 1967, two posts on the south bank of the river were destroyed by American bombs. Up to now, two stations on the north bank of the river still exist, but due to deterioration, Quang Tri province restored them according to the previous prototype. located close to the bridge abutment on the north bank of Ben Hai River (Vinh Thanh commune). The project includes 3 buildings A, B and C forming a V shape. Building A (union house) is built in the style of a stilt house with a large size. Dimensions 12m x 6m, tiled roof, glass door system installed. This used to be a place to meet and receive visiting groups. Block B is 10m x 5m in size, made of wood and has a thatched roof, and is the residence of frontline police officers. Area C with dimensions of 12m x 4m, used as a logistics warehouse and restaurant. From 1954 to 1967, the area on both sides of Hien Luong bridge took place a "flag fight" (both sides competed to erect flagpoles to see which side was taller). In the end, the victory belonged to the flagpole in the Hien Luong police station area, on the north bank. The flagpole is made of steel pipes, erected in 1962, 38.6m high. On top of the flagpole is a flag measuring 9.6m x 4m. The current flagpole is a model simulating the flagpoles that the Government and army of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam had previously erected. The flagpole is 28m high, made of 6 interconnected steel pipe sections. At the top of the flagpole is a five-pointed yellow star flag. The flagpole body has rectangular steel bars attached to make ladders. The flagpole is also equipped with a system of cables, pulleys and winches to make it convenient to hang the flag. The base of the flagpole is circular and decorated with images depicting revolutionary history. now belongs to Border Guard Station 204 (Cua Tung town). In addition to the function of working and staying, this area also serves national security purposes. This place has a traditional house displaying 92 photos and 60 artifacts directly related to the history of the revolutionary struggle of officers and soldiers of Cua Tung police station and other stations located along the north bank of Ben Hai river since 1954. - 1967. In order to simulate the former demilitarized zone on the 17th parallel as well as build a destination to learn history for tourists and educate revolutionary traditions for young generations today and tomorrow, Quang Tri province built Construction of the Exhibition House "The 17th Parallel and the Desire for Unification" and the Monument Cluster "The Desire for Unification" on the south bank of the Ben Hai River. consists of 2 spaces. The ceremonial space is where the statue of President Ho Chi Minh is placed. The space displays 53 documents and artifacts directly related to the fight of our army and people on the banks of Hien Luong - Ben Hai during the resistance. war against America to save the country. Documents and artifacts are divided into 4 topics: the Geneva Accords and temporary military boundaries; The unyielding spirit of the people of Vinh Linh and the fight to protect the frontier; The people of the southern region of the 17th parallel with their struggle for the desire to unify the country; The 17th parallel after the liberation of Quang Tri in 1972. In particular, there is also a restored version of the 500W loudspeaker used by the government and army of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam on the north bank in the past. Admire the With this speaker, visitors will somewhat imagine the "speaker battle" on both banks of the Ben Hai River from 1954 - 1965. On this side of the river, a large-capacity loudspeaker system was arranged to broadcast key messages. targeting the opposition, on the other side of the river, a system of larger-capacity loudspeakers was arranged to respond. Finally, a loudspeaker system on the north bank with a diameter of each speaker ring of 1.7m and a capacity of 500W, placed on a mobile vehicle, broadcasts messages that terrify the enemy. When the wind is favorable, the sound of the speaker system can be transmitted 10km away. (Trung Hai commune) was built on an area of ​​2,700m², consisting of two parts. The base is assembled from many stone blocks of different sizes, decorated with reliefs. The monument is made of Thanh Hoa green stone. with the layout: the front includes 2 statues of a mother (7.70m high) and a baby (5.50m high) standing close together, depicting the image of a wife and child in the South looking sadly at the North as they unable to cross the river to see her husband, father and relatives during the years the country was divided. Behind is a cluster of statues in the background, depicting images of nipa palm leaves. In this area, there is also a large campus, festival grounds, lake, reception house, and duty house, to serve the reception of visitors and promote the value of the monument. originating from Dong Chan mountain in the Truong Son range, flowing over nearly 100km long terrain, along the 17th parallel from west to east and then flowing into Cua Tung estuary. including: Cua Tung (ferry station A), Tung Luat (ferry station B), Luy (ferry station C), Thuong Dong and Duc Duc. Among them, Cua Tung and Tung Luat wharfs are two wharves that contributed significantly to the victory for independence and national unification of the Vietnamese people. Located in Cua Tung beach area (Cua Tung Town). This is the mooring place for ships and boats transporting officers operating from 1954 - 1975. Currently, this wharf is planned within an area of ​​187.6 square meters, with a surrounding fence system. The memorial stele of ferry wharf A consists of two parts: a pedestal and a complex of architectural and artistic images, prominently displaying the image of boats overcoming waves and winds to transport officers and soldiers across the river and thirst. Hoping for a happy day of national unification. Previously, it was about 150m long, located in Tung Luat village, Vinh Giang commune (now Cua Tung town), 7km east of Hien Luong bridge and 2km west of Cua Tung beach. This is one of the secret anchoring points of ships and boats tasked with transporting officers, soldiers, wounded soldiers, civilians and weapons and ammunition to the South bank, and is one of the main starting points of the transport route. Delivering reinforcements to Con Co island. Currently, the wharf is planned to include a campus and memorial. The memorial is a symbolic artistic complex, with images of boats carrying soldiers and goods rushing forward despite enemy bombs. In 1996, these wharves were decided to be ranked as national historical relics by the Ministry of Culture and Information (Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism). Every year, on April 30, at the cluster of historical relics on the banks of Hien Luong - Ben Hai, the river unification festival takes place. This is a unique revolutionary festival that takes place only in the relic cluster of Hien Luong - Ben Hai banks. The festival includes many attractive contents with revolutionary historical significance, contributing to education and promoting the tradition of fighting for the aspiration of our ancestors to unify the country. The historical relic cluster of Hien Luong - Ben Hai banks was ranked as a National Monument in 1986 and a Special National Monument in 2013.


Dakrong landscape

Location: Dakrong district, Quang Tri province. Characteristics: Is the common name for an area with majestic and lyrical natural scenery of the western mountains of Quang Tri.




Truong Son Martyrs Cemetery

Location: The cemetery was built on Ben Tat hill, in Vinh Truong commune, Gio Linh district, Quang Tri province, about 38km northwest of Dong Ha town. Characteristics: This is the largest national martyrs' cemetery, gathering the graves of young volunteers, soldiers, frontline workers..., those who built and fought to protect the Ho Chi Minh Trail. legendary during the resistance war against America to save the country.




Vinh Moc Tunnels

Location: Vinh Moc Tunnels is in Vinh Linh district, Quang Tri province, 13km east of National Highway 1A, 6km north of Cua Tung. Characteristics: The tunnel is nearly 2km long and includes 3 levels deep underground. This place was once the steel fortress of the Socialist North for 7 consecutive years against the destructive war of US imperialism.




Gia Long Waterfall

Location: Gia Long Waterfall is an upstream waterfall in the system of three waterfalls: Gia Long - Dray Nur - Dray Sap of Serepok River, Dak Nong province. Characteristics: At night at Gia Long waterfall, visitors will hear the sounds of birds calling you, and the sound of wild deer howling in the night.

In the past, when King Gia Long came to this country, he came to the waterfall to visit and rest. He had the mountains and forests cut open to create a beautiful road leading to the waterfall. He also intended to build a suspension bridge over the waterfall, but for some reason, the newly built bridge with two holes had to be abandoned, evidence remains. still to this day.


Trinh Nu Waterfall

Location: About 25km southwest of Buon Ma Thuot city center. Characteristics: Trinh Nu Waterfall is one of the places that attracts many tourists from all over to visit and sightsee.

Before joining the flowing Serepok river, the Krong No river branch still has to pass through rows of jagged rocks, stacked on top of each other in various shapes and forms. However, that last resistance created an attractive natural landscape and an extremely poetic name - Trinh Nu Waterfall. Legend has it that the reason the waterfall has this charming name is because it started with a rather sad story: A girl in her youth, due to a difficult love affair, came to the waterfall and decided to send herself there. The white water flows to forget the pain. And as if to show compassion and sympathy for that unfortunate girl, the name Trinh Nu was given to the waterfall. Following winding paths and stone steps, visitors can walk along the flow of the waterfall to admire the scenery of young water blending together. When your feet are tired, or you want to have fun singing, visitors can rest and gather comfortably under the lovely leaf-roofed huts in a setting where they are alone with nature. Tourists want to stay to admire the scenery of mountains, forests, and waterfalls at night? It's not difficult, there are small apartments shaped like houses of ethnic minorities in the Central Highlands built next to the waterfall that will help visitors satisfy that poetic idea. Yes, from the majestic nature of the Central Highlands mountains and forests to the hospitality of the people, everything is always ready to welcome visitors to have the most comfortable moments of relaxation.


Buon Ma Thuot exile house

Location: Buon Ma Thuot exile house is located in the city. Buon Ma Thuot, Dak Lak province. Characteristics: The Buon Ma Thuot exile house is not only a testament to the crimes of the Imperialists - colonialists, but it is also a large school that trains and trains resilient revolutionary soldiers of the Vietnamese revolution.

Perhaps many young people are surprised to hear that today's vibrant Buon Ma Thuot city, more than 50 years ago, was covered with vast, wild forests, sparsely populated, where it used to be. considered a sacred forest and poisonous water, people in the delta rarely dare to dream of setting foot on this place. But at the same time, there was a prison here (one of the solitary confinement areas for political prisoners) with the most brutal regime of the French colonialists in our country. Coming to Buon Ma Thuot to learn about the land and people, one cannot help but visit this revolutionary historical relic site that has been ranked by the State. Here, you will see, hear, and learn many new things about the heroic fighting tradition of ancient communist soldiers such as: Ho Tung Mau, Phan Dang Luu, Nguyen Chi Thanh, To Huu , Hong Chuong, Bui San, Tran Van Quang, Ngo Duc De, Nguyen Duy Trinh, Nguyen Phung Tan, Huynh Thanh... and so many outstanding children of all regions of the country. The Buon Ma Thuot exile house played a particularly important role in the August revolutionary campaign in Dak Lak. The communist soldiers imprisoned by the enemy here became the people who sowed the seeds of revolution in this red soil plateau. Expanded and solidly built on the basis of a Prison that existed from 1900 to 1930, Buon Ma Thuot Prison became a place of exile for Vietnamese patriotic soldiers. Now, when you visit Buon Ma Thuot prison, you will see evidence of the crimes of the French colonialists. Through that, you can re-imagine the entire prison of Buon Ma Thuot with its harsh and brutal rule like the hell of the French colonialists. Years have passed, but those imprints still seem to be clearly imprinted in each person's mind. When you come here, looking back at the shackles, you will feel heartbroken, emotional and even more admiring of the resilient communist soldiers who were not afraid of sacrifice, determined to fight and defeated their enemies. part in liberating the nation from the dark night of slavery.


Tomb of the Elephant hunting king

Location: Elephant hunting king's tomb in Buon Don district, Dak Lak province. Characteristics: The tomb of the Elephant Hunter King is the tomb of a powerful chief and admired by people throughout the region, who gave birth to Buon Don and had great contributions in the early creation and development of the hunting profession. and tame wild elephants here.

Khunjunob, whose real name is N' Thu K' Nul, was born in 1828, a powerful chief and admired by people throughout the region, who gave birth to Buon Don, and had great contributions in the early stages of its creation and development. develop the profession of hunting and taming wild elephants here. He hunted hundreds of Elephants, including a white Elephant (White Elephant) that he presented to the Thai Royal Family in 1861. The King of Thailand was very impressed and awarded him the title Khunjunob (King of Elephant Hunters). All his life, he lived, worked, and led the villagers of Buon Don, then chose this place as his final resting place, at the age of 110. After he breathed his last, news of his death quickly spread throughout the region. His funeral was held very solemnly with full traditional rituals lasting many days with the participation of many ethnic groups from near and far. After his death, the ceremony, leaving the code, and setting up a grave for him were taken care of by his nephew (call him uncle) named R' Leo K' Nul. Buon Don at that time was a multi-ethnic community group with the main members being the M' Nong, Ede and Lao ethnic groups, so R' Leo and the villagers decided to build his tomb based on the M' architecture. Nong and Laos combine to show gratitude and respect for the late chief. The architecture of the tomb according to the M' Nong - Laos culture of his tomb is clearly shown through the cubic motif decorated with lotus buds on the four corners and top of the tomb. R' Leo K' Nul (Khunjunob's nephew) was born in 1877, and was the successor to lead the village after Chief Khunjunob passed away. During this period, R' Leo proved to be an excellent leader, knowing how to promote the inherent strengths of the locality, contributing significantly to maintaining and developing the traditional profession of elephant hunting and taming. forest. In particular, he contributed to making the village's relationship with neighboring ethnic groups and the contemporary feudal dynasty (Bao Dai) increasingly close. He also gave Bao Dai a white elephant and established for this king an elephant hunting team "Royal Bao Dai". He passed away in 1947, at the age of 70. Three years after his death (1950), a burial ceremony for him was performed and his tomb was built according to Cambodian temple architecture. This is an architectural model that King Bao Dai collected and sent a representative group to directly construct. The tomb was completed at a total cost equal to the value of an elephant with long tusks at that time.


Yok Don National Park

Location: Yok Don National Park is located in Buon Don district and Ea Sup district, Dak Lak province, 40km northwest of Buon Ma Thuot city. Characteristics: Yok Don National Park is one of the largest nature reserves in our country with a total area of ​​115,545 hectares.

Yok Don National Park is a hidden place of many wonders, attracting tourists and scientists because of the richness and uniqueness of pristine nature. The vast forests of the dipterocarp forest ecosystem are typical of Southeast Asian tropical forests, interwoven with green moist forests and scrub forests with many types of precious wood trees such as sandalwood, cassava, etc. Rosewood, rosewood, redwood, purple leaf star... The terrain here is relatively flat, with the Yok Don and Reheng mountains emerging. Primeval forest accounts for over 90% of the entire garden area and is an ideal habitat for plant and animal species. According to a survey by scientists, Yok Don currently has 67 species of mammals, 196 species of birds, 46 species of reptiles, 15 species of amphibians and about 100 species of insects. Wildlife resources are not only rich and diverse but also very typical for the fauna of Southeast Asia. Among the 56 rare animal species of the Indochina region, Yok Don has 36 species and 17 species are recorded in the world red book such as elephants, wild buffalos, curly-horned cows, sika deer, chamois, pheasants, peacocks. , starlings, phoenixes... This is also the only area in Vietnam with many precious animals concentrated in large numbers such as bison, leopards, deer, water monitors... The flora here is very rich and diverse with 464 species, many of which are only found in the Central Highlands region. This place also gathers many rare flower species, orchids alone have over 23 species with many beautiful colors. Yok Don is the only area in Vietnam that preserves a type of Dipterocarpus forest. In recent years, scientists have conducted many research projects on the biodiversity of the national park, studied the ecological characteristics of wild animals, and specialized in research on wild animals. , specializing in research on each animal and plant species such as elephants, ungulates, Indochinese tigers, birds... In addition to protecting, maintaining and developing the ecosystem of Yok Don National Park, one of the The mission of the Park is to develop all types of tourism. Recently, the National Park Management Board has actively coordinated with the Dak Lak Tourism industry to participate in developing types of eco-tourism, research, and visiting and exploring primary forests. In addition, Yok Don National Park also preserves many unique cultural values ​​of the Central Highlands ethnic groups such as: Ede, M'Nong, Laos... Buon Don still preserves quite a lot of traditional stilt house architecture with Beautiful and elaborate carvings, showing the skillful hands and ingenious creativity of the residents here. Buon Don is also a land famous for elephant hunting and taming. Visitors coming here will be able to see firsthand the tools used to hunt elephants and can ride elephants for a walk among the vast forests or cross the Serepok River with elephants, which flows from east to west while most other rivers usually flows from west to east and then flows into the sea. Originating from the Nam Da mountain area (Krong No district), the Serepok river flows through C'Dut district to Buon Don district. The Serepok river flows lazily around the Yok Don national park area, forming a natural belt protecting the forest. The sycamore tree trunks next to the riverbank grow countless branches and bristly roots that intertwine with each other, creating unique "stilt houses" made of roots and branches for visitors to climb up to enjoy the scenery of rivers, mountains and forests. When night falls, visitors can join the campfire night with the exciting melodies of creative musical instruments of the Central Highlands such as gongs, gongs, Chinh K'ram, clapping flute, Dinh Puoc, T'rung... Besides the elephant riding tour to visit Yok Don, Dak Lak Tourism also organizes picnic tours, walking tours, camping in the forest or renting a motel in a small hut along the river for tourists to enjoy. Enjoy the scenery of mountains and rivers at sunset.


Dieu Thanh Waterfall

Location: Dieu Thanh Waterfall is located on Dak Tit stream, which is the natural boundary separating Nhan Co and Quang Tan communes, Dak R'Lap district, Dak Nong province. Characteristics: Dieu Thanh Waterfall is beautiful, wild and poetic




Lak Lake

Location: Lak Lake is located on the traffic route between Buon Ma Thuot city and Da Lat, in Lien Son town, Lak district, Dak Lak province, about 56km south of Buon Ma Thuot city along Highway 27. Characteristics: Lak Lake is a beautiful landscape of the Central Highlands. The lake is both a source of many fish and a huge freshwater reservoir that provides water for hundreds of hectares of upland fields, while also making the climate here cooler.

Cross Lac Thien pass about 10km, reach Lien Son town, turn right a few hundred meters to see the resort house of former emperor Bao Dai. This is where he often comes to sightsee, hunt, and rest whenever he has the opportunity to go to Buon Ma Thuot city. The house is located on a high hilltop overlooking the water of Lak Lake. The lake is over 500 hectares wide, connected to the Krong A Na river. The surface of Lak Lake is always green, reflecting the pine forests on the hillsides along the lake. Surrounding the lake are vast primeval forests with rich flora and fauna. During the rainy season, hundreds of streams and waterfalls pour water into the lake, making the lake surface wider, waves rising like the sea and flooding all the surrounding grasslands. Farther away, deeper water is where lotus and water lilies reign. The lotus in Lak Lake is very beautiful, covering a long strip on the water surface, making the lake scene more poetic. Beside Lak Lake, there is Jun village, a typical village of the M'Nong ethnic group. Coming here, tourists have the opportunity to travel on elephant backs to see villages and visit the mountains and forests of the Central Highlands. If you stay overnight, you will enjoy the gong music of the M'Nong people.


Khai Doan Pagoda

Location: Khai Doan Pagoda is located at 89A Phan Boi Chau Street, Thong Nhat Ward, City. Buon Ma Thuot, Dak Lak province. Characteristics: It is a temple of Vietnamese people living in Dak Lak. The pagoda was built in 1951-1953 on a large, open area of ​​land.

The pagoda has architecture in the style of the letter "tam", in front of the gate is the three gates, in the middle is the main hall, behind is the rear house. The three-entrance gate consists of 2 floors with three arches, 7m high and 10.5m wide. The Guanyin Palace was built separately from the main layout of the pagoda, hexagonal in shape with 6 columns decorated with dragon and cloud shapes. The main hall is 320m² wide, divided into two parts. The front half is designed in the style of a long house in the Central Highlands with rafters and a Vietnamese house. The second half is built in a modern style. The main hall worships Shakyamuni Buddha. The pagoda has a 380kg bronze bell cast in 1954.


Buon Don

Location: Buon Don is located in Krong Na commune, Buon Don district, Dak Lak province, far from the city. Buon Ma Thuot 42km northwest. Characteristics: Buon Don has long been famous not only for its mountain and forest landscape and customs bearing the mark of the Central Highlands but also for its tradition of hunting and taming wild elephants.




Krong Kmar Waterfall

Location: From the center of Krong Bong district, about 3 kilometers toward Chu Yang Sin range, you will see a beautiful landscape of Dak Lak, Krong Kmar waterfall. Characteristics: Originating from the highest peak of the majestic Chu Yang Sin range, known as the roof of the Central Highlands, the Krong Kmar stream flows down to the foot of the mountain, forming Krong Kmar waterfall with a wild, poetic appearance that no one has ever seen before. Once you come here, you will remember it forever.

From the center of Krong Bong district, about 3 kilometers towards Chu Yang Sin range, you will see a beautiful landscape of Dak Lak, Krong Kmar waterfall. Originating from the highest peak of the majestic Chu Yang Sin range, known as the roof of the Central Highlands, the Krong Kmar stream flows down to the foot of the mountain, forming the Krong Kmar waterfall with a wild, poetic appearance that everyone has once visited. This will surely be remembered forever. At the source, from the top of Chu Yang Sin, the water flows down to form successive waterfalls. Krong Kmar's water flow poured down the stone steps with white foam, creating a chain of roaring sounds that echoed throughout the primeval forest. Next to the water columns of the waterfall, there are many rocks as big and flat as a table top for visitors to stop to admire the scenery or organize light parties right in the middle of the stream. From here, those who like to explore the mountain and forest landscape can walk along the waterfall upstream and will reach the beginning of the Krong Kmar stream. You will be very surprised when you do not expect that high in the mountains of the Chu Yang Sin range, there is a large, clear blue lake dozens of meters deep in the middle of a pine forest with melodious music all year round. of many types of forest birds. Unlike the waterfall below, it is very quiet here, close to those who want to find a quiet and poetic scene amidst wild nature. Coming to Krong Kmar waterfall, you will admire the impressive beauty that nature has given to humans, and be immersed in the wide beaches in cool, clear blue water that clearly reflects each pebble. Hours of walking and sightseeing by the waterfall will bring you a feeling of relaxation and refreshment, dispelling fatigue after a series of stressful working days. Another interesting thing is that you will also be able to ride an elephant of the Ede people to climb the mountain to conquer Chu Yang Sin peak, or enjoy the unforgettable taste of Central Highlands can wine.... After a period of time being forgotten Forget that, in recent years, Krong Kmar waterfall has become a familiar tourist destination for many people. During festivals or weekends, this scenic spot is always crowded with visitors from all over the province and many tourists from outside provinces also come here. Come once to Krong Kmar waterfall to admire the wonderful scenery with roaring waterfalls in the middle of the mountains, enjoy the cool fresh air of the vast nature.


Buon Ako Dhong

Location: Buon Ako Dhong (people often call it Co Thon) is located in the north, about 2km from Buon Ma Thuot city center. Characteristics: Ako Dhong village has a population of nearly 300 people with more than 30 households, most of whom are Ede, M'Nong ethnic groups.




Binh An tourist area

Location: Binh An tourist area is located on National Highway 1A, at No. 71, Ward 2, Soc Trang town, Soc Trang province. Characteristics: Binh An tourist area with an area of ​​several hectares is a "copy" on a smaller scale than Dam Sen cultural park in Ho Chi Minh City.




Tan Long stork garden

Location: This stork garden is located in Long Binh commune, Nga Nam town, Soc Trang province; 17km from Phu Loc town (following provincial road 42). Characteristics: Nearly thirty years ago, this place formed a bird sanctuary with thousands of storks living on the familiar bamboo and coconut trees of Mr. Huynh Van Muoi's family.




Bat Pagoda

Location: No. 73B Le Hong Phong Street, Ward 3, Soc Trang City, Soc Trang Province, about 2km southeast of the city center. Characteristics: This is the only pagoda worshiping Shakyamuni Buddha of the Southern Khmer ethnic community in Soc Trang province.

In the grounds of Ma Toc Pagoda, there are tens of thousands of bats, so the pagoda is also called Bat Pagoda. The bats in the pagoda are crow bats, weighing from 1 - 1.5kg with a wingspan of up to 1.5m. During the day, bats hang and sleep on tree branches within the temple garden. Although they are fruit-eating animals, these bats never eat ripe fruit in the temple garden. At around 6:00 p.m., the bats fly out to search for food and return to the temple at exactly 5:00 a.m. the next morning. The pagoda was built around the 16th century according to Khmer architecture and has been restored many times. Initially, the main hall of the pagoda was built of bamboo leaves, then rebuilt with bricks, tiled roof, four curved roof ends carved with Naga snakes, and on top of the roof there is a pointed tower. Surrounding the main hall are rows of supporting columns, each column has a statue of the goddess Kemnar clasping her hands in front of her chest. In the main hall, there is a monolithic statue of Sakyamuni Buddha placed on a lotus flower about 2 meters high and a statue depicting the Buddha riding on the sacred snake Muchalinda. All over the walls of the temple are paintings depicting the Buddha's life, from birth to enlightenment and entering Nirvana. In addition to the main hall, in the pagoda grounds there are also many stupas containing the remains of the abbots of the pagoda and the Sa La Assembly Hall with communal house-style architecture, a place for monks to rest and study... Doi Pagoda also is a place to preserve intact sutras written on palm tree leaves, rare artifacts that carry many unique cultural and religious values ​​of the Southern region. Behind the pagoda, there are strange graves, each grave has a picture of a pig painted on it. The first grave was built for a 5-toed pig (usually pigs only have 3 hooves) that died in 1996. Five-toed pigs are kept by monks in temples as domestic pets and when they die, they will be Buried here. Currently, the pagoda still has 4-5 five-hoofed pigs. In 1999, Bat Pagoda was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical-cultural relic.


Clay Temple

Location: No. 163A, Luong Dinh Cua Street, Soc Trang City, Soc Trang Province. Characteristics: This is the only pagoda in Soc Trang built according to Vietnamese architecture.

Clay Pagoda, whose literal name is Buu Son Tu, was built by Mr. Ngo Kim Tay in 1906. In 1928, Mr. Ngo Kim Tong (1909 - 1970) (4th generation abbot) was warned by Buddha in a dream and used clay. to build worship statues. First, he took the clay and dried it thoroughly; Put it in a mortar and pound until smooth; screening and removing tree and grass roots; Then mix it with incense powder and acacia acacia to form a flexible mixture to mold the Buddha statue. During 42 years of painstakingly shaping statues, he created extremely rare clay sculptures and religious works. Clay Pagoda is not very large, the pagoda's roof is supported by 24 pillars, each pillar is decorated with a winding clay dragon from the foundation to the dome. Through the temple gate, you will reach the main hall, whose main facade faces east. Inside the main hall, there is a community house, a unique architectural work built in 1942. The temple has statues of Amitabha, Avalokiteśvara, and Avalokiteśvara. The original masters Shakyamuni, Ca Lettuce, Confucius, Lao Tzu... Behind the main hall are rooms to worship Buddha Mother Dieu Tri, the Jade Emperor... Within the pagoda grounds there are small shrines worshiping tigers and devils, altars of heavenly fathers and earthly mothers... Currently, the pagoda still preserves 1,991 large and small clay statues and outstanding works such as: 3 large spires, each 1.5m high; 7 small incense burners; 1000-petalled lotus, each petal has a Buddha statue with its own expressive nuance; 5 animals: Kim Lan, Thanh Su, White Tiger, Long Horse, Bach Tuong; especially the two towers: Da Bao and Bao Toa. Da Bao Tower is about 4.5m high and includes 156 dragons supporting 13 floors of the tower and 208 doors, each door has a Buddha statue. Next is the Bao Toa tower, about 2m high, at the top of the tower is an octagonal shape symbolizing the eight trigrams: gan - mosaic - can - shock - burn - ly - wise - doai, at the foot of the tower there are dragon - unicorn - turtle - phoenix. and 12 fish transformed into dragons surrounding it. In addition, in the pagoda there are 3 large incense sticks, each 1.5m high, weighing about 50kg; A Luc Long Dang chandelier has 3 peaks with 6 large curved dragons, tails together, heads sticking out in all directions; 8 large candles, of which 6 are intact, each weighs about 200kg, is 2.6m high, and is estimated to be able to burn continuously for 70 years. The remaining two candles, each weighing about 100kg, were lit on the day Mr. Ngo Kim Tong passed away (full moon day of July 1970). In March 2011, Clay Pagoda was recognized by the People's Committee of Soc Trang province as a historical - cultural relic (in the field of architecture - art) at the provincial level.


Soc Trang Khmer Museum

Location: The museum is located opposite Khleang Pagoda in Soc Trang city, Soc Trang province. Characteristics: The museum is a building with Khmer pagoda-style architecture.




Kh'leang Pagoda

Location: The pagoda is located at 71 Mau Than street, cluster 5, ward 6, Soc Trang city, Soc Trang province. Characteristics:Kh'leang Pagoda is the oldest pagoda in Soc Trang, nearly 500 years old, built around 1533, associated with legends about the place Soc Trang.

Initially, the pagoda was built of wood and thatched with leaves, then gradually built of brick and tiled, with beautiful decorations and architectural lines. Kh'leang Pagoda was built on high ground, open space, surrounded by many green trees, especially palm trees, a typical tree of the Khmer people. Under each tree are placed stone benches for resting. feet give visitors a very comfortable and cool feeling. The pagoda is surrounded by three fences with wide spacing. In front of the pagoda there are two oval towers on the left and right sides, used to house the remains of the abbots. The temple gate is decorated with elaborate patterns and vibrant colors imbued with Cham cultural style. Inside the main hall, there are 16 large, smooth black wooden columns covered in gold, displaying images about the Buddha's life and Buddhist activities. Many images and patterns are painted on the ceiling and walls, showing the harmony between Buddhism and painting. In the main hall is a large Buddha statue sitting on a splendid lotus, creating a serene majesty. The pagoda also displays ancient Khmer items as a way to preserve and promote the ancient cultural features of their people. The pagoda's roof is also built in a three-level style and each level is divided into 3 folds. The middle fold is larger than the secondary folds on both sides and there is no tower on the roof of the temple. The temple roof is also decorated with reliefs of birds and animals as well as images symbolizing Buddhist philosophy. It can be said that the entire temple roof is a unique architectural work expressing the concept and philosophy of the harmony between Buddha - Man - Heaven of the Khmer people. Every day, Khleang Pagoda welcomes many groups of visitors, especially foreign tourists.


Sa Lon Pagoda (Chen Kieu Pagoda)

Location: Sa Lon Pagoda is located on National Highway 1A, 12km from Soc Trang city, direction from Soc Trang city to Bac Lieu. Characteristics: A unique feature of the pagoda is the use of pieces of porcelain bowls and plates on the wall to decorate the pagoda, so the pagoda is also called Chen Kieu pagoda.

In the beginning, the pagoda was built with trees and forest leaves. During the war, the main hall collapsed due to bomb destruction. The pagoda was rebuilt in 1969 and completed in 1980. The unique porcelain cladding technique has created a very impressive beauty of the temple. At Sa Lon pagoda, there is also a collection of rare and delicately carved and inlaid wooden furniture, which the pagoda bought as part of the estate of a prince of Bac Lieu in 1947.


Prison relic site and museum in Son La province

Location: located on Khau Ca hill next to Nam La stream, To Hieu ward, Son La city, Son La province. Characteristics: It is a unique cultural and historical relic aimed at educating patriotic traditions for generations.

Before withdrawing from Son La in 1952, the French colonialists bombed the prison area to erase traces of their crimes. In 1965, the US imperialists bombed the North, causing Son La prison to be almost completely destroyed. With the desire to educate patriotic traditions for the young generation, part of Son La prison has been restored. Coming to Son La prison relics, visitors will visit underground cells, cross cells, two-cell camps, three-jail camps, special cells only 1.2m wide and hundreds of artifacts that are living evidence. about the barbaric crimes of the French colonialists such as handcuffs, iron chains, sharp clamps... Tourists cannot help but be moved when standing in front of the peach tree from Comrade To Hieu - Secretary of Son La Prison Party Cell. May 1940 to October 1941 planted on the cliff of the prison. The peach tree has become a symbol of the will and indomitable fighting spirit of communist prisoners. Located right next to Son La prison relics is the place to store and display thousands of artifacts reflecting the typical culture of the ethnic groups living in the province. The first floor of the museum displays artifacts from the pre-historic period of Son La with hand-held objects made of stone, iron, and bronze dating back thousands of years; relics in Chieng On, Pac Ma (Quynh Nhai district) and the Da River lake bed area. The second floor is a gallery of images of Uncle Ho with ethnic groups in Son La province. Up to the 3rd floor of the museum, visitors will visit a gallery of artifacts reflecting the cultural, production and daily life of 12 ethnic groups living in the province such as: ceramics, jewelry, traditional looms. camo, costumes,... In particular, the museum has also collected over 700 ancient Thai books of different sizes written with brush pens and black ink on paper, do paper, fabric, and tree bark. ; More than 30 books record Muong laws, village rules, production experiences, folk remedies as well as instructions on how to make arrows, gunpowder, and slides to hunt wild animals. In 1962, the prison relics and museum of Son La province were ranked as national cultural and historical relics. Every year, this place welcomes hundreds of thousands of visitors to visit, research and study.


Ca Mau cape

Location: Ca Mau Cape, Ngoc Hien district, Ca Mau province, far from the city. Ca Mau 118km by waterway. Characteristics: Cape Ca Mau is the only place on the mainland of Vietnam where visitors can see the sun rising over the East Sea and setting in the West Sea.




Ca Mau Cape National Park

Location: Mui Ca Mau National Park, the mainland part belongs to the administrative territory of communes: Dat Mui, Vien An and Dat Moi, in Ngoc Hien district, Ca Mau province, about 100km from Ca Mau city and from the city. Ho Chi Minh City is nearly 400km southwest. Characteristics: This is a natural mangrove ecosystem with very high value in terms of biodiversity, natural landscape, environment, culture and history; is part of the Ca Mau Cape World Biosphere Reserve recognized by UNESCO in May 2009.

Ca Mau Mui National Park was established in 2003 when Dat Mui Nature Reserve was transformed into a National Park in the system of special-use forests of Vietnam. This is the southernmost point where Vietnam's last landmark on the mainland is located. Mui Ca Mau National Park has a total natural area of ​​41,862 hectares, of which the mainland area is 15,262 hectares and the coastal area is 26,600 hectares. One interesting thing is that every year the ground area of ​​this national park always expands naturally, each year Ca Mau Cape encroaches dozens of meters into the sea. This is also an attractive feature that attracts many tourists to this land. Cape Ca Mau National Park has the goal of long-term conservation of ecological standard specimens of national, regional and world importance; serving sightseeing, ecotourism and international cooperation activities, building and experimenting with models of conservation and sustainable use of mangrove resources, promoting the value and economic function of the system. wetland ecology; protect biodiversity. This is a mangrove area with a very diverse ecosystem, with the dominant plant population being mangrove trees. There are many animal species recorded in Vietnam's red book and the red book of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). In addition, there are many species of migratory birds from all over the world, including many rare species such as the Lotus bird and the Cha bee bird. The fact that Mui Ca Mau National Park belongs to the World Biosphere Reserve has made an important contribution to preserving the biodiversity of the flooded forest ecosystem, preserving human values ​​to serve the goal of sustainable development as well as increasing human health. More attractive to tourists from near and far to visit.


Moc Chau Plateau

Location: Belongs to Moc Chau district, Son La province, nearly 200km northwest of Hanoi along Highway 6. Characteristics: Moc Chau plateau stretches out to the horizon with tea hills, vast grasslands, A herd of dairy cows on the steppe leisurely walks through the forest in the afternoon...




Bird garden in the city

Location: The bird garden in the city is located in Cultural Park (also known as Lam Vien 19/5), in the city. Ca Mau, Ca Mau province, about 2km west of the city center. Characteristics: The bird garden in the city is a gathering place for many species of birds.




Cao Dai Holy See Tay Ninh

Location: Long Thanh Bac commune, Hoa Thanh district, Tay Ninh province, 4km southeast of Tay Ninh town, far from City. Ho Chi Minh is about 100km to the northwest. Characteristics: This is a famous cluster of architectural, artistic, and religious works of the Cao Dai religion and is the central headquarters of the Tay Ninh Cao Dai Church.

Construction began in 1933 and officially inaugurated in 1955, Tay Ninh Cao Dai Holy See is the place to worship Thien Nhan - the sacred symbol of Cao Dai religion. In addition to worshiping the Divine Eye, Cao Dai religion also worships Shakyamuni Buddha, Guan Yin Buddha, Jesus, Confucius, Lao Tzu,... According to Cao Dai scriptures, the holy building symbolizes the Bach Ngoc Kinh (place of God). dwell) in the world. Located on a campus of about 40km², the entire Tay Ninh Cao Dai Holy See includes nearly 100 architectural works of different sizes, built with bamboo-reinforced concrete. The Holy See has 12 gates, all of which are carved with images of the Four Holy Spirits (Dragon, Lan, Quy, Phung) and lotus flowers. Among them, is the largest door with a unique decoration of two dragons, pearl paintings, lotus flowers and 3 ancient dharmas: Spring and Autumn Sutra, Bat Vu vase and Phat Tran, expressing the spirit of the three religions (Buddhism, Taoism). and Confucianism). On the main gate, there is embossed the word "DAI DAO TAM KY PHU DO" in National language above and Chinese characters below. From the main gate, follow the road leading straight east to reach the center of the sanctuary. There are 3 stupas here - places to worship three people: His Holiness Ho Dharma, His Holiness Thuong Pham and His Holiness Thuong Sanh. Past the towers is Dai Dong Xa courtyard, where there is a statue of Prince Siddharta riding a horse in search of the Tao, followed by his servant Channa. Next is Cuu Trung Thien (where the remains of Cao Dai dignitaries who were awarded the rank of Immortal or higher) are placed in the shape of an eight trigram with 9 steps and painted in three colors: yellow, blue, and red. Nearby is an ancient Bodhi tree brought by Venerable Thera Narada from India to the Holy See in 1953. Not far from the Bodhi tree are two stands - one in the east called the East Stand and one in the west. called the West Stand - where pilgrims and tourists come to watch the procession of Co Mau on two Great Festivals each year. Through the campus, visitors will come. Overall, the Holy See bears the image of Long Ma worshiping the monk - a legendary spiritual animal carrying a river map on its body, suggesting to King Fu Xi (the first of the three legendary kings of ancient China) to draw the Eight Monster Tien Thien. With a length of 97.5m and a width of 22m, the holy building has typical features of the temple and pagoda architecture of the Cao Dai religion, demonstrating the harmony between Asian and Western art. Around the sanctuary, both inside and outside, there are 156 large and small round columns to support the porches in the hallway. The front of the Holy See is an area like Long Ma's head looking straight to the west. On both sides of the entrance to the holy building is the bell tower (left) named Bach Ngoc Chung Dai and the drum tower (right) named Loi Am Co Dai. Both floors are 27m high, including 6 floors with different heights. The main entrance of the holy building is called Tinh Tam Dai like Long Ma's mouth opens wide. Above Tinh Tam Dai there is a balcony built in a semicircle, called Lao Dong Dai. On Lao Dong Dai is Phi Tuong Dai or Thong Thien Dai like the forehead of Long Ma with 2 doors considered as two eyes of Long Ma. The outside of Thong Thien Dai is embossed with the Thien Nhan symbol. Through the 5 steps of Tinh Tam Dai is the Tinh Tam Dien area. The upper floor of Tinh Tam Palace is the Hiep Thien Dai floor - a place to worship 15 high-ranking dignitaries: Ho Phap, Thuong Pham, Thuong Sanh and 12 Thoi Quan. Connecting with the Hiep Thien Dai area is shaped like the body of Long Ma. This area has 18 pillars divided into two parts, decorated with dragon images and exquisite carvings. These rows of columns divide the Cuu Trung Dai area into 9 compartments, each compartment has a height difference of 18cm, called "Nine products of fairy". This is the ceremony area for each level of believers in Cuu Trung Dai. Particularly, the row of columns in the middle has an escalator and balcony, where dignitaries stand to preach to believers, called Giang Dai. In the last 3 rooms of the Cuu Trung Dai area, there are 7 chairs, reserved for the 7 most senior dignitaries of the Cuu Trung Dai. The highest is the chair of the Giao Tong carved in the shape of a dragon, followed by the 3 chairs of the 3 Attorneys carved in the shape of a phoenix, and finally the 3 chairs of the 3 Masters carved in the shape of a unicorn. Above the last room of Cuu Trung Dai, there is a 17m high platform, called Nghinh Phong Dai. Located at the end of the sanctuary is an area facing straight east, like the tail of Long Ma. This space has 8 pillars arranged in a Bagua shape, in the middle is a large globe symbolizing the universe with the Thien Nhan image in the middle and 3072 stars symbolizing 72 globes and 3000 surrounding worlds. In the grounds of the Holy See, there are also many other architectural works such as: ..., especially, the place to worship Co Mau - the sacred Mother of humanity and on the opposite side of the temple. The main mass of the day at the Holy See is held at 12 noon. Visitors can visit the Holy See at any time of the day but need to note some general rules such as: when entering, do not wear shoes, maintain general hygiene; You can only enter through the two side doors: men go through the right door and women go through the left door.


Quan Am Pagoda

Location: 84/4 Rach Chua Street, Ward 4, City. Ca Mau, Ca Mau province. Characteristics: The current pagoda architecture was built by Venerable Thien Tuong and Thien Duc in 1936. In the pagoda there is a stele of "Sac Tu Quan Am ancient pagoda" and a tower of Venerable Tri Tam.




Lo Go - Xa Mat National Park

Location: Lo Go - Xa Mat National Park is located in the territory of 3 communes Tan Lap, Tan Binh, Hoa Hiep in Tan Bien district, Tay Ninh province, about 30km north-northwest of Tay Ninh city. Characteristics: Lo Go - Xa Mat National Park has a rich flora and fauna, especially rare water birds, located in the west of the lowlands of the Southeast region, mainly primary forests, quite flat terrain.




Mui Ne Beach

Location: Mui Ne Beach is located in Mui Ne Ward, City. Phan Thiet, Binh Thuan province, far from the city center. Phan Thiet 22km northeast. Characteristics: Mui Ne - sleeping princess in the forest. The name Mui Ne is synonymous with the image of unique sand dunes in Vietnam.

stretching for dozens of kilometers with beautiful places such as Rang beach, Hon Rom beach, Suoi Nuoc beach, Ong Dia rock beach with cliffs where ocean waves crash on the shore, stretching sand dunes have become a source of inspiration. Endless inspiration of many photographic artists. Mui Ne is located on the east coast of Phan Thiet city, this place is famous for its coconut-lined streets, Mui Ne is also known as the resort capital and is one of the top destinations for those who want to relax. love vacation. In particular, coming here you will enjoy the famous things of the people living in this beautiful coastal land. In addition, there are many interesting things - especially beautiful and pristine beaches that attract tourists. Bai Rang or Rang beach is the most beautiful beach of the city. Phan Thiet. Bai Rang is about 15 km north of the city center, located under dense coconut groves that look like a very beautiful coconut forest. When summer comes, Rang beach is crowded every afternoon with tourists coming to swim and enjoy sweet grilled green flying fish. Hon Rom is the name of a small mountain still wild, located in Long Son hamlet, Mui Ne ward, city. Phan Thiet. Here, the water is clear blue, the waves are calm, and there are no reefs. Every morning or afternoon, you can sit and watch the sunrise or sunset; In the evening, watch the moon rise or organize a campfire. In , the beach cluster has many areas such as: Hon Rom 1, Hon Rom 2, Thuy Trang, Hon Rom Sun. Stretching on a part of the beach of Binh Thanh commune, Tuy Phong district, is a 7-color rock beach located in Co Thach tourist area. Stones come in many different sizes and shapes, large and small. This rock beach has been recognized by the Vietnam Record Book Center (Vietbook) as "The rock beach with the most shapes and colors in Vietnam". Amidst the rows of poplar trees and the vast white sand area, the appearance of the rocky beach like a bull's eye has drawn more and more tourists to come enjoy it. Arriving at Co Thach, turn right past Binh Thanh fishing village along the sea for about 5km, ask for directions to Ghenh Son, Chi Cong commune, Tuy Phong district. On foggy mornings or calm afternoons with calm seas, from the reef, you can see the whole scene of the cozy and bustling activities of the fishing village. The red color of the rocks and the blue color of the sea seem to blend together to create a harmonious shade that is both near and far, both imaginary and real... Ganh Son is truly a gift of nature that is not known to many people. This is one of the most pristine beaches in Binh Thuan province, about 30 km from Phan Thiet city center, in Ham Thuan Nam district. Coming to Thuan Quy beach, visitors will be surprised when before their eyes is a magnificent and charming natural picture. The sea water here is very clear and cool, the white sandy beach stretches, the vast pine forests as far as the eye can see, and in the distance are fruit-laden dragon fruit gardens. In particular, Thuan Quy beach also has a unique feature: rocky outcrops with all different shapes look very fun, bringing excitement and excitement to visitors. If Phan Thiet is famous for its beautiful beaches and long white sand beaches, then Mui Ke Ga - nearly 20km east of Phan Thiet has strange rocks arranged in all shapes that evoke curiosity for tourists. Even though resorts keep popping up, Mui Ke Ga still retains the inherent wild and idyllic nature of the coastal nature with its poplar groves and strange marble slabs. When visiting Ke Ga Cape, you should not miss Dien Cape, located no more than 500m from the shore. The lighthouse located on Mui Dien was designed by French engineer Chnavat, famous for being the tallest and longest lighthouse in Southeast Asia. Located close to Highway 55, Cam Binh - La Gi beach is one of the new Phan Thiet tourist destinations that is very attractive to tourists. This is an extremely convenient stop for tourists traveling from Ho Chi Minh City and Vung Tau on the way to Phan Thiet city. Many people compare the blue sea of ​​La Gi to a village girl who just woke up. The long coastline curves like the soft, graceful waist of a village girl. The surface of the sea is clear blue, rippling like long hair. Coming to La Gi to enjoy the cool sea breeze makes us forget the daily fatigue of the luxurious city.


Mrs. Black Mountain

Location: Thanh Tan commune, Tay Ninh city, Tay Ninh province, away from the city. Ho Chi Minh is about 110km to the northwest. Characteristics: Ba Den Mountain is the highest mountain in the Southeast and has majestic natural scenery along with a system of ancient caves and pagodas.

Ba Den Mountain is also known as Van Son Mountain because the mountain is covered with clouds all year round. Ba Den Mountain is associated with the legend of a beautiful, honey-skinned girl named Ly Thi Thien Huong. Her lover was Le Sy Triet, from Quang Hoa (ie Trang Bang district, Tay Ninh province today), had great talent and great will, so he set out to support Nguyen Hue to protect the country. On the occasion of Doan Ngo Festival, she followed the pilgrimage group to Mount Mot to worship Buddha, praying for peace in the country so that her lover could return soon, when she was surrounded by Tuan Phu soldiers and intended to harm her. At the same time, she threw herself down the mountain to commit suicide to maintain her loyalty to her lover. That night, she returned in a dream to the monk in charge of the temple on the mountain to bring her body back for burial. After her death, she was very enlightened and always blessed and protected good believers in the ten directions, so people around the area built a shrine on the mountain. When Nguyen Anh ascended the throne, he took the title Gia Long. In remembrance of the story of going up the mountain, she told him where to hide and escape, he ordained her as Linh Son Thanh Mau and sculpted her statue in black bronze to commemorate her. People worship and worship. From then on, Mot Mountain was called Ba Den Mountain. Ba Den Mountain scenic complex spreads over an area of ​​about 24km², including 3 mountains: Heo Mountain - Phung Mountain - Ba Den Mountain. With a height of 986m, seen from a distance, Ba Den Mountain looks like a hat placed on the plain. To reach the top of the mountain, visitors can go in many ways such as: walking, taking the cable car (1,200m long cable line) or using the slide system. The slide at Ba Den Mountain is a closed system, including two routes: the tow route (up route) is 1,190m long and the slide route (down route) is 1,700m long. Scattered from the foot of the mountain to the top of Ba Den mountain is an architectural complex including temples, pagodas, shrines, towers... reflecting the characteristics of Buddhist culture and folk beliefs. Among them, the highlights are Ba Den Pagoda (Linh Son Tien Thach Tu), also known as Thuong Pagoda and Dien Ba, where the bronze statue of Ba Den is located. was restored and rebuilt in 1997. In particular, the pagoda still retains two blue stone pillars carved in the Tam Hoa period (1919) in the front hall, each pillar is 4.5m high, 0.45m in diameter, carved with a dragon image. very beautiful curves. Next to the pagoda is built against the mountain from a natural rock roof protruding to form a cave. The dome of Dien Ba is 2.5 meters high and the artificial church in front is 8 meters long. In addition, on the mountain there are a number of other pagodas such as: Buddha pagoda with Buddha statue entering Nirvana, Hang pagoda (Linh Son An Phuoc pagoda), Ha pagoda, Trung pagoda (Linh Son Phuoc Trung pagoda), Van Son pagoda. Intertwined with the pagoda system are many caves repaired by monks, nuns and Buddhists as places of worship such as: Thanh Long cave, Ong Ho cave, Ba Co cave, Ba Tuan cave, Thien Thai cave, Ong Ta cave, Gio Cave... At the foot of the mountain is Ba Mountain Cultural Tourist Area with many amusement parks, restaurants, and motels. Due to holding a particularly important strategic position, during the two resistance wars against the French and the Americans (1947 - 1975), Ba Den Mountain was the site of many fierce battles of our army and people against colonialism. French people and American imperialism. Currently, there are 3 locations here displaying a number of artifacts and images of officers and soldiers of the Liberation Army, which are Kim Quang cave, Hang pagoda area and the museum at the foot of the mountain. Every year, every spring, especially on the full moon day of the first lunar month, tourists from inside and outside the province gather in the Ba Den mountain area for pilgrimage, worship and sightseeing. On January 21, 1989, Ba Den Mountain was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical site and scenic spot.


Mui Ne Hot Mineral Mud Center

Location: 133A Nguyen Dinh Chieu, Ham Tien Ward, Phan Thiet City, Binh Thuan Province, about 15km from Phan Thiet city center and 200km from Ho Chi Minh City. Characteristics: Tourists visit Mui Ne Hot Mineral Mud Center not only to visit but also relax with physical therapy.

(TITC) - Mui Ne Hot Mineral Mud Center was invested and built by Viet Tin Joint Stock Company on a total area of ​​4.5 hectares in 2005, surrounded by tropical gardens and fragrant flowers. The center takes advantage of natural mud sources in Tuy Phong district (Binh Thuan province) and hot mineral water, about 800m from the center. Here, visitors can choose from many health-promoting services such as hot mineral mud baths, warm mineral water baths, water massages, and yoga. Especially from here you can see the sea and sky of Mui Ne, proud to be the first place to develop mineral mud bath therapy in Mui Ne, contributing to bringing a new color to the tourism picture of Phan Thiet - Binh Thuan.


Ta Cu Mountain Pagoda

Location: Ta Cu Mountain Pagoda is located on Ta Cu Mountain, in Tan Lap commune, Ham Thuan district, about 30 km southeast of Phan Thiet city. Characteristics: Ta Cu Mountain Pagoda has an ancient look in the coastal region of Binh Thuan.




Hon Rom

Location: Hon Rom is located in Mui Ne ward, City. Phan Thiet, Binh Thuan province, far from the city center. Phan Thiet is 26km northeast. Characteristics: Hon Rom - when the dry season comes, under the bright sun, the weeds become yellow, looking from a distance like giant piles of straw.

The coast is clean and beautiful, the sea is clear and blue, and the lullaby of the wind caresses through the cool, fruit-laden coconut groves. The golden and white sand dunes are one after another, undulating and rippling, and the sand dunes are deformed every hour... All have created a wild beauty that captivates tourists who come here to enjoy and explore the wonderful beauty. of sand. New bamboo guesthouses have sprung up on the sand dunes at Hon Rom with new forms of tourism such as sandboarding, swimming, campfires at night or fishing by boat, squid fishing at sea.


Mui Ne

Location: Mui Ne is located in Mui Ne ward, city. Phan Thiet, Binh Thuan province, far from the city center. Phan Thiet 22km northeast. Characteristics: Mui Ne - sleeping princess in the forest. The name Mui Ne is synonymous with the image of unique sand dunes in Vietnam.

Mui Ne is the name of a fishing village and also a familiar tourist destination. Along Provincial Road 706, from the city center. Phan Thiet to Mui Ne is a series of gentle hills and a wide, airy coastal sandy beach with beautiful coconut groves. The beach is shallow, the water is clean and clear, the sun is warm all year round, there are no storms, and is an ideal place for swimming and resting for tourists. Mui Ne has many pristine, unexploited beaches. people, majestic landscape, pure natural environment, such as Ong Dia beach, Front beach and Back beach. Coming to Mui Ne, visitors can swim, relax, play sports, cruise at sea, picnic combined with hunting, fishing, golf... In Mui Ne there is also Sand Dunes, a place that has been around for many years. has become the subject of many photographic artists. In addition to beaches and sand dunes, this area also has many beautiful sceneries such as Tien stream, Ong Hoang pavilion, Po-Sha-Nu Cham tower. Along the coastal sandy beach are tourist villages, hotels, villas and many sports and entertainment facilities.


Doi Su eco-tourism area

Location: Porcelain Hill eco-tourism area in Thuan Thanh village, Thuan Quy commune, Ham Thuan Nam district, Binh Thuan province. Characteristics: Fresh air, imbued with the wildness and purity of mountains, forests, and seas, suitable for all ages.

This is the first eco-tourism area built according to the tourism development master plan of Ham ThuanNam district. Located in a corner of the triangle of Ho Chi Minh City - Binh Duong - Ham ThuanNam industrial park. Porcelain Hill is very convenient for a weekend getaway. The tourist area has a total area of ​​14 hectares, of which about 10 hectares are casuarina forest, sand dunes, a road built of bricks running on the sand dunes called the Little Great Wall to create ecological landscape, the campus also and built infrastructure with an area of ​​8,000m². Currently, Doi Su has 6 Deluxe rooms, 24 Bungalows and 10 Standard rooms equipped with full amenities. In particular, out of a total of 24 Bungalows, there are 10 Bungalows made of wood in the style of stilt houses of the Muong ethnic group - Vietnam. In addition, the tourist area also has a 3,000m² conservation garden that raises animals such as deer, many types of birds, turkeys, geese, rabbits... and many fruit trees such as longans, mangoes, and bananas. Visitors can walk and take pictures in the garden with animals. When the sun is still glimmering on the horizon, visitors can ride on a sports bike or sit on a horse to visit Khe Ga cape (also known as Ke Ga) about 3km away - where the 100 meter lighthouse is located. year old. Separate beach, calm waves, no reefs or whirlpools, visitors can fish, relax or enjoy the golden moonlight on the calm sea, next to the flickering fire. If desired, visitors can go along the beach another 50km to Mui Ne (Phan Thiet) or return to Vung Tau to create a closed tour. It can be said that Porcelain Hill has awakened the potential of the wild, pure sand dunes looming behind the romantic casuarina forest.


Non Nuoc tourist area

Location: Non Nuoc tourist area is invested and built in Tien An village, Tien Thanh commune, City. Phan Thiet, Binh Thuan province. Characteristics: Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to enjoy the fresh, cool atmosphere.




Possess, own, or hold

Location: Keo Pagoda is located in Duy Nhat commune, Vu Thu district, Thai Binh province. Characteristics: The pagoda is one of the most famous ancient temples in Vietnam. The Keo Pagoda bell tower is a unique wooden work of art.

From Nam Dinh city, cross Tan De bridge, turn right, follow the Red River dyke, go about 10km to reach the pagoda. Located at the foot of the Red River dyke in the middle of the delta, Keo Pagoda with its steeple is like a lotus flower rising in the middle of a sea of ​​green rice. According to the book Khong Lo Zen Master Ky Luc Luc, the pagoda was originally named Nghiem Quang, built by Khong Lo in 1067 in Giao Thuy village (literally Keo village) on the right bank of the Red River. After Zen Master Khong Lo passed away, Nghiem Quang Pagoda was renamed Than Quang Tu. Over time, the water of the Red River gradually eroded the pagoda's foundation and in 1611, a major flood swept away both the village and the pagoda. Keo villagers had to leave their ancestral homeland: half moved to the southeast on the right bank of the Red River, later building Keo - Hanh Thien pagoda (now in Nam Dinh province); Half crossed the river to settle in the northeast of the left bank of the Red River, later erecting Keo Pagoda - Thai Binh. The construction of the new pagoda began in 1630 and was completed in 1632. The pagoda was built in the architectural style of the Le Dynasty, thanks to the advocacy of Mrs. Lai Thi Ngoc, wife of Tuan Tho Marquis Hoang Nhan Dung, and Princess Dong Cung. Trinh Thi Ngoc Tho. The pagoda was restored many times in the 17th, 18th and 1941 centuries. The pagoda has a large architectural scale on a land area of ​​about 58,000m². Currently, the entire remaining pagoda architecture consists of 17 works including 128 compartments built in the "Foreign Noi Cong" style. From the 25m high straight wooden flagpole on the outside, passing through a stone-paved courtyard, visitors will reach the outer three gates, the lotus pond, and the inner three gates with a set of doors carved with dragons (16th century). The Buddha hall is solemnly decorated. Behind the Buddha pagoda is a temple dedicated to Zen Master Khong Lo, who founded the pagoda in the Ly Dynasty. The temple's famous architectural work is the bell tower. The Keo Pagoda bell tower is a unique wooden work of art, typical of Vietnamese ancient architecture in the post-Le Le period. Built on a square brick foundation, the bell tower is 11.04m high, has 3 roof levels, and is constructed of overlapping painted panels. The first floor has a 1.20m long stone bell, the second floor has a bronze bell 1.30m high and 1m in diameter cast in the reign of Le Hy Tong in 1686, the third floor and the top floor hang a small bell 0.62m high, 0.00 in diameter. ,69m cast in 1796. Visiting the pagoda, visitors can see precious altar items that are said to be the belongings of Zen Master Khong Lo such as a set of ivory rosaries, a large lime vase and three sparkling snail shells. It is said that Khong Lo picked it up when he was a fisherman and kept it as a drinking bowl during his years of practice. The pagoda has been recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national historical and cultural relic. Every year on the fourth day of the first lunar month, the people of Keo village in Duy Nhat commune hold a spring festival right at the temple. More than nine months later, on the 13th, 14th, 15th days of the ninth lunar month, Keo pagoda opens the festival again. autumn. This is the main festival, commemorating the death of Zen Master Khong Lo (1016-1094), the founder of the temple (he passed away on the 3rd day of the 6th lunar month). During the festival, people organize a procession of palanquins, incense burners, dragon boats, dragon boats and small altars. On the Tra Linh river across the front of the pagoda flowing into the Red River, festival-goers flock to watch the swimming competition, the trumpet and drum competition, the boating competition and ancient dance performances. In the temple, there is a performance competition on the topic of six offerings: incense, lanterns, flowers, tea, fruit, food, very lively. Keo Pagoda not only preserves many precious relics but also contains mysteries associated with the life of Zen Master Khong Lo. According to the book Tung San Than Quang Tu Buddha's Six Essentials of Euphemism Meditation, Zen Master Khong Lo was originally surnamed Duong, was born into a fisherman's family, and became a monk under Zen Master Loi Ha Trach. Legend has it that since attaining enlightenment, Zen master Khong Lo has the ability to fly in the air, walk on water and tame snakes and tigers. Legend also says that before he passed away, he turned into an agarwood log, covered it with a robe, and the log turned into a statue. This statue is still kept in the harem with the door locked all year round. Every 12 years, Keo village appoints a guild master and four deacons to perform the ceremony to decorate the Saint statue. These people must fast, wear new clothes, carry the holy statue from the forbidden palace, then use coconut water mixed with grapefruit essence to bathe and redo the holy statue. This work must be done according to a very strictly regulated ritual. The deacons must absolutely keep secret what they see while decorating the Saint's statue.


Dong Chau beach resort

Location: Dong Chau beach in Tien Hai district, 35km from Thai Binh city along the provincial road to Kien Xuong - Tien Hai. Characteristics: Coming to Dong Chau beach resort, visitors will enjoy the fresh air of the sea and the always windy beach.

The tourist area includes the beach in Dong Minh commune; Cua Lan; two sea islands of Con Thu and Con Vanh. The entire tourist area is tens of kilometers wide, the center of the tourist area is Dong Chau beach, 5km long, where a system of hotels and high-rise motels has been formed to serve tourists coming to Dong Chau to swim. , Resort. The interesting thing is that from Dong Chau beach, visitors can take boats or motorboats to visit and swim in Con Thu and Con Vanh beaches. 7km from the mainland, Con Thu and Con Vanh emerge like two blue waves in the middle of the sea. Con Thu has fine white sand beaches, pine forests, green casuarina forests, and a small romantic beach that is an ideal place for tourists to go swimming, organize picnics and relax by boat with games. entertainment on the beach such as fishing, windsurfing, beach volleyball... Con Vanh is 15km wide, has a mangrove reserve that is a stopping point for rare birds such as spoonbills, pelicans, seagulls... Every year this place attracts many tourists who are researchers and tourists to visit the island. Coming to Dong Chau beach tourist area, visitors will enjoy the fresh air of the sea, the always windy beach, and visit Nha Ba temple worshiping the wife of a king of the Song Dynasty in China who helped The Tran Dynasty fought against the Mongol Yuan army and this was also the base of operations of the Northern Party Committee before the August Revolution.


Dong Xam silver carving village

Location: Dong Xam silver carving village in Hong Thai commune, Kien Xuong district, Thai Binh province Characteristics: It is a famous silver carving village with sophisticated and highly artistic products.

Dong Xam silver carving village (formerly known as Duong Tham) is located on the right bank of Dong Giang river. Records in history books say: this village was formed at the end of the Tran-Ho dynasty, more than 600 years ago. But the silver carving profession here did not appear until much later. The village still has an altar and a stone stele in the Duong pagoda area (Thuong Gia village today). That is one (built in 1689). On the stele is written: " " Roughly translated: In the tenth year of the reign of King Chinh Hoa (1689), the patriarch Nguyen Kim Lau, who was a gold and silver craftsman in Chau Bao Long, came to Dong Xam to establish twelve wards to spread the tradition. profession. Nguyen Kim Lau lived around the beginning of the 17th century. And so the Dong Xam silver carving profession has existed for nearly 400 years. In the beginning, he worked on welding copper, making pots and pans, cutting cutlery, repairing locks, making handles and spouts of kettles, cigarettes and bowls... later on he made jewelry, specializing in silver carving. Like many other high-end crafts, such as bronze casting, metallurgy, etc., the jewelry industry brings high income to the workers, and the techniques are extremely complex, so for hundreds of years the Dong Xam people have always kept it a secret. profession secret. Up to now, this technique is no longer the monopoly of Dong Xam craftsmen, but some of the most sophisticated technical and artistic methods are still kept esoteric. The ancient silver engraving village had strict regulations in the village's regulations that: Dong Xam silver engraving goods are different and outstanding compared to silver goods of other places in the strange forms of shape, product appearance, in the The decorative design is sophisticated yet balanced, gorgeous yet clearly highlights the main theme, using the light and dark treatment method by taking advantage of the reflective properties of silver material. The characteristic of Dong Xam products is the utmost sophistication and perfection. It can be said that the talent and carefulness of Dong Xam silver artisans have been able to meet all requirements for using silver carvings of the most demanding and artistic customers. Having gone through many changes, today the profession is still maintained and increasingly developed.


Tien La Temple

Location: Tien La Temple is located in Tien La village, Doan Hung commune, Hung Ha district, Thai Binh province. Characteristics: Temple worships General Bat Nan (general who saved the people from trouble) Vu Thi Thuc (often called Thuc Nuong) - a female general of Hai Ba Trung who had meritorious service in fighting the Northern invaders and was awarded the title "Dong Nhung". General".

From City. Thai Binh, follow Provincial Road 223 about 30km northwest to reach Hung Ha town. From here, turn right and go 1km to reach the Tien Huong river dyke. Turn left and go along the dyke for about 3km to reach Tien La temple. Tien La Temple was built at Kim Quy mound (located in the middle of Tien La village) according to the ancient architectural prototype "Earlier, Later Dinh", from columns, rafters to curved roofs with the design of Two Dragons and Moon, on an area of ​​​​approximately 6,000m². The front of the temple faces the Tien Hung River, near the junction that flows into the Luoc River. Surrounding the temple are lush, green longan groves. The temple includes main works such as: three outer gates, three inner gates, Front Tet, Middle Tet and Hau Palace. Through the three outer gates and the temple yard, we reach the inner three gates, on both sides there are Lau Cau and Lau Co. Continuing on, you will arrive at the Tien Te house (5 rooms), built with four-tiered wood, the interior is elaborately carved with motifs such as: "Dragon - Lan - Quy - Phuong" interwoven with "Pine - Bamboo - Chrysanthemum". - Roof". There are also great paintings praising the Trung Vuong dynasty and the virtue and talent of the female general Bat Nan. Next is the Trung Te house, built in the style of a Phuong communal house, with the architecture of "a stack of ancient matches". The special thing is that all the house construction materials are made of stone such as the system of stone columns, stone beams, stone rafters... The system of columns and rafters is carved very delicately, of which 4 columns are carved with four sacred animals, 12 are military columns. carved with dragon and cloud, eight beams carved with "Pine - Bamboo - Chrysanthemum - Apricot" interwoven with "Dragon - Lan - Quy - Phuong", column ribs and eight stone rafters carved with garlands and seal letters. Going deeper inside, you will come to the Harem, which is built with four-iron wood, consisting of 3 compartments, of which, the middle compartment has an altar, on top is a throne and a statue worshiping General Vu Thi Thuc Bat Nan, surrounded by generals worshiping soldiers. of Mrs.; The room on the left worships her father, the room on the right worships her mother. On the roof of the Harem hangs a four-word title: "Van Co Heroic Spirit". Legend has it that this is also the place where the tomb of General Bat Can is located. Along with unique architecture, the temple also preserves many offerings and worship objects dating from the Tran and Le dynasties, and deity titles such as: Princess Y Duc Trang Thuc (during the reign of King Le Thanh Tong), Duc Bao Trung Hung is the spirit of the god (during the reign of King Minh Mang), Duc Bao Trung Hung is the spirit of the upper class god (during the reign of King Khai Dinh). Every year, the Tien La Temple Management Board often organizes an event to coincide with the death anniversary of General Bat Nan, March 17, Quy Mao year, including attractive rituals, cultural, artistic and sports activities such as: procession. palanquin, water procession, fighting, bamboo flute playing, cockfighting, wrestling, dragon dance, lion dance, cheo performance.


Dong Xam Temple

Location: Dong Xam Temple is located in Hong Thai commune, Kien Xuong district, Thai Binh province. Characteristics: Dong Xam Temple can be seen as a great achievement of the art of wood carving, stone, metal, and stucco of Vietnam during the Nguyen Dynasty.

Dong Xam Temple is a monumental and large scale relic complex that worships Emperor Trieu Vu, the temple of Queen Trinh Thi (wife of King Trieu Vu De) and the temple of Nguyen Kim Lau (the founder of silver carving). traditional) with a system of temples and pagodas located next to the Vong River. The center of the relic cluster of Dong Xam temple is a massive architectural complex with nearly 10,000 square meters of construction with many majestic and beautiful architectural works such as Vong Lau, Thuy To, Hoanh Ma, Sacrifice yard, and pre-sacrifice building. , communal house, shrine building, harem, church of the founder of silver carving... Thuy Tu is a towering hexagon-shaped house with six arched doors facing all directions, from here visitors can see Panoramic view of the altar yard and busy boat racing lanes on the river during festivals. The temple's front hall is a large hall with 5 large compartments, with a massive scale of up to 13 meters in height and a majestic architectural design rarely seen in other relics. Connecting the front court to the back palace is the Trung Te palace, which is designed in the style of Phuong Dinh. The premises in this area were handled extremely reasonably by the artisans, from the three compartments of the front altar, one central compartment was reduced to serve as the foundation of the Phuong Dinh building. The temple's harem court is structured into two continuous parts, a five-compartment palace, connected to the central chamber with a raised mallet handle to place the examination room. The outer porch of the Harem is harmoniously decorated with letters, scrolls, parallel sentences and a carved wooden medical system. The system of tray doors in the three central rooms of the harem building is carved with the theme of precious bowls, patterns, leaf strings, and seals on the 12 doors of the harem, creating a sense of euphoria for visitors. when you cross the threshold here. The examination room located at the Harem is a unique work with typical features of the silver, bronze, and iron carving village. The tomb is sealed with bronze leaves carved with different themes such as the four sacred animals, the four precious animals... In the tomb, there are statues of Trieu Vu De and Empress Trinh Thi, the size of the statues is equivalent to a real person and they are both cast in bronze inlaid with gold, silver, silver cards... It can be said that Dong Xam temple can be considered a great achievement of the art of carving wood, stone, metal, and plastering of Vietnam during the Nguyen Dynasty.


Bach Thuan garden village

Location: Bach Thuan garden village in Vu Thu district, Thai Binh province. Characteristics: It is a rich garden village with fruit gardens and ornamental plants.

The village is located 20km from Thai Binh city in the direction of Tan De bridge to Nam Dinh. This is a rich garden village, the edge of the village is an alluvial beach where mulberry trees grow silkworms, bananas, and sugarcane. In the village are fruit orchards and ornamental plants. Coming to Bach Thuan, visitors feel like they are lost in a miniature park with all kinds of light and dark colors... Along both sides of the village road are the dark green of turquoise and the bright green of rose. Nature has favored Bach Thuan to develop traditional gardening. Here there are all kinds of flowers and fruits in four seasons: apples, guavas, whips, plums, lemons, longans, lychees, sapodillas, oranges, tangerines, bananas, jackfruit... Next to the orchards are the orchards. scenery, trees. Each type of ornamental plant has its own unique shape and different names depending on the owner's pruning. When the water rises, the streets of Bach Thuan village are flooded and turn into small rivers. From one house to another, people go by boat. It's wonderful when tourists can sit on small boats to visit the garden and pick bunches of sweet fruits to enjoy the flavor of the village's fruits. Bach Thuan is also an ancient village, typical of villages in the Northern Delta. There are Tu Van and Bach Tinh pagodas here, which have been classified by the State as relics in need of protection, and are a tourist destination for tourists to burn incense and sightsee. Domestic and foreign tourists are very interested in the landscape and ecological environment in Bach Thuan garden village.


Ba Ra - Thac Mo eco-tourism area

Location: Ba Ra - Thac Mo eco-tourism area is planned to be built in the Ba Ra mountain - Thac Mo lake area, in the area of ​​Son Giang and Thac Mo wards, Phuoc Long town, Binh Phuoc province, City. Ho Chi Minh is about 160km northwest. Characteristics: This place not only has a poetic natural landscape with mountains, forests, rivers, lakes, and waterfalls blending together, but also preserves many valuable historical relics and cultural works.

Ba Ra Mountain has a total area of ​​307,325m², 732m high, and is considered the highest mountain in Binh Phuoc province and the third in the South. In the Stieng language, Ba Ra is "Bônom Brah", meaning "magic mountain". According to legend, in the past, the Ba Ra mountain area was a flat land, then suddenly there was an underground water fountain that continuously flooded a large area. A god used a lid to cover this water source. The lid is Ba Ra Mountain now. Located in the middle of a low mountainous area, with rugged terrain and overgrown trees, in the early years of the 20th century, the Ba Ra mountain area was considered a place of "sacred forest, poisonous water", with no passersby. In 1925, the French colonialists built a hard labor prison here to detain political prisoners and people suspected of being communists but not convicted. Later, when participating in the war in Vietnam, the US took over this area and built a modern military base (including a helipad) on top of the mountain with the aim of controlling the entire Southeast region. However, with the resilient and indomitable fighting will of Binh Phuoc's army and people, the French colonialists and American imperialists had to retreat from Ba Ra mountain one after another. Currently, this place still retains many historical vestiges related to these two wars such as: Ba Ra prison (built by France), helipad (built by the US), Bat cave, Cay Sung cave. , Ba Bay Tuyet cave (where Binh Phuoc soldiers and people once resided to fight against the French and Americans)... Located at the foot of Ba Ra mountain is Thac Mo lake with an area of ​​about 12,000 hectares, a capacity of 1.3 billion m3 of water, In the middle of the lake there are 10 large and small islands, surrounded by shady trees. The lake not only plays a role in providing water for Thac Mo hydroelectric power plant, regulating floods for the downstream area, creating an aquaculture environment to serve the lives of local people, but is also an ideal tourist destination associated with the Mekong River Delta. Ba Ra Mountain forms an extremely poetic cluster of tourist attractions on the mountain and under the lake. With rich natural beauty and heroic historical traces, the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) issued Decision 568-VH/QD-BVHTT dated October 4, 1995 recognizing Ba Ra Mountain as National historical and cultural relic. On December 30, 2002, the People's Committee of Binh Phuoc province issued Decision No. 2535/QD-UB on approving the planning of Ba Ra - Thac Mo eco-tourism area including planning zones such as: Ba Ra mountain area. Ra (area of ​​1,300 hectares), Monkey Island on Thac Mo Lake (area of ​​200 hectares) and the scope of ecological protection of the entire Ba Ra mountain area and Thac Mo lake bed (area of ​​1,000 hectares). Along with that is the restoration of Ba Ra prison relics, Bat cave, Cay Sung cave, Ba Bay Tuyet cave, Ba Ra pagoda; build a new architectural village on Monkey Island, a tourist village, accommodation and culinary facilities on Ba Ra Mountain, wharves, tourist information stations, a system of temples, pagodas, and Buddha statues; Equipping facilities to serve tourists in the tourist area; develop and protect forests and Ba Ra mountain... especially the Ba Ra mountain cable car project with a length of 2,063m, including 32 cabins, divided into 8 groups, each group has 4 cabins, the cabins are made of aluminum alloy frames , has 6 seats. Currently, the restoration of monuments and the construction of a new cable car project have been completed and put into use. Other items will be completed in the following years. Coming to Ba Ra - Thac Mo eco-tourism area, in addition to admiring the natural scenery of the lake and sea on the plateau at dawn, join local fishermen to cast their nets, fish at sunset or enjoy specialties. Lang fish and Be River eel in the evening, visitors also have the opportunity to learn about the heroic and resilient fight against the French and Americans of Binh Phuoc's army and people through historical relics. In particular, if you come here on January 6 every year, you will also have the opportunity to participate in the international cross-country tournament Conquering Ba Ra Mountain, attracting many athletes from countries such as Laos, Cambodia, Thailand... To reach the top of Ba Ra mountain, visitors can take the cable car or follow the following itinerary: From the foot of the mountain, ride a motorbike or car along the paved road to Bang Lang hill - where the house is located. Memorial stele commemorates the contributions of heroic martyrs. From here, step through 1,767 stone steps with immense green forests of bamboo, bamboo and hundreds of years old trees on both sides to reach the top - where there are traces of a heliport built by the US. The antenna tower of the Binh Phuoc Radio and Television Station is 48m high, and the shrine worships the thousand-armed Buddha statue. From the top of Ba Ra mountain, visitors can admire the vast area of ​​Phuoc Long town, at the foot of the mountain is the sparkling Thac Mo hydroelectric lake, reflecting the mountains and clouds. Investing in the construction of Ba Ra - Thac Mo tourist area not only contributes to preserving and promoting the natural beauty, culture and history of the locality but also has the task of connecting neighboring attractions such as: Thac Mo ward, Thac Mo hydroelectric plant, Bu Gia Map nature reserve and a rich system of rivers, streams, rapids, waterfalls, lakes and dams, create a complex of attractive tourist destinations for Binh Phuoc. .


Soc Xiem tourist area

Location: An Phu commune, Binh Long district, Binh Phuoc province, far from Tx. Dong Xoai is 70km away from the city. Ho Chi Minh is about 120km to the northwest. Characteristics: This place is very suitable for resort tourism by the clear, romantic lake with waterfalls in the middle of the highland forests and hills.

Located in the Tra Thanh red soil forest with a surface area of ​​30 hectares, some places up to 14 meters deep, Soc Xiem Lake is like a bright forest flower with poetic primeval beauty. The lake was originally a valley with a small stream flowing through it that never dried up. In 1981, Mr. Tu Nguyen set up a rubber production team here and then dug and built a large lake to irrigate 116 hectares of rubber. Gradually, the water rose into a lake consisting of spring water and water from underground springs. in a large space, both calm and harmonious. The summer sun seems to soften in front of the clear blue lake reflecting the clouds and sky among the endless green rubber forests. In the season when rubber leaves change, each carpet of yellow leaves spreads out, creating a charming autumn picture. Next to Soc Xiem Lake, which is cool all year round, is Waterfall No. 4 with 4 waterfalls flowing day and night, making passersby admire the hands of the Creator who skillfully adorned the majestic beauty of this place and then blessed it. giving people a wonderfully beautiful scene. Soc Xiem Lake tourist area is a place for vacations, camping, seminars, exchanges and is an ideal meeting place for young people, couples to enjoy the beautiful scenery and love themselves. You can sit for hours on the shore of an open lake or by a beautiful stream to freely talk, play and sing love songs without anyone bothering you. On the water house in the middle of the lake, you can fish while listening to the chirping of birds, immersing yourself in the pristine atmosphere of the mountains and forests. like perch, snakehead, snakehead, stone heart... In the afternoon, standing by the lake in the cool breeze gently blowing, looking up at the sky you will see flocks of birds following each other back to their nests. At night, amidst the quiet mountains and forests, in the communal houses of the Central Highlands, you will be lulled into a peaceful sleep by the sound of the wind rustling tree branches. When morning comes, the sky is calm again, the water is calm, dew still lingers on the lake surface... Tourists who love sports can comfortably swim or canoe on the lake bed or play handball. , badminton... at Waterfall No. 4 sports playground. Coming to Soc Xiem Lake tourist area, visitors can also visit and learn about the remaining vestiges of the airport area through other historical periods. together. In addition, visitors can ride horses or ride along the trail into thousands of hectares of rubber plots, meet mining workers for a good chat. They are very open and sincere. If there is wine or buffalo meat available, they will bring it out for tourists to enjoy... Soc Xiem lake tourist area will surely satisfy those who have been here before and then every time they leave When we return, we learn new things and have more sweet memories about this land of heroic history and beautiful nature.


Nui Coc lake landscape

Location: Nui Coc Lake is in Dai Tu district, Thai Nguyen province, 15km southwest of Thai Nguyen city center. Characteristics: This place is famous for its natural beauty created over many years and for the legendary colors of the legend of Cong and Coc.

Follow the flat paved Dan - Nui Coc provincial road, winding through vast forests, all the way to the Nui Coc tourist area. The lake is located in the middle of a charming natural landscape of mountains and water. This place has been famous for its natural beauty for many years. Coc Mountain is the name of a poetic land and lake, shimmering with the legendary colors of the faithful love story in the legend of Princess - Chang Coc. Nui Coc Lake is an artificial lake, blocking the Cong River, located in Dai Tu district, halfway up the mountain. Construction on the lake began in 1993 and was basically completed in 1994. The lake includes a main dam 480m long and 6 auxiliary dams. The lake surface area is about 25km. On the vast surface of the lake, there are more than 89 islands, some islands are green forests, some islands are home to storks, some islands are the homeland of goats, some islands have Ba Chua Thuong Ngan temple, the lake bed Average depth of 35m, lake water capacity is about 175 million m3. The lake has the ability to exploit 600 - 800 tons of fish/year. Nui Coc Lake is a scenic spot and a beautiful resort. Currently, the motel and bathing wharf system has been planned and built relatively well, serving tourists visiting for rest and entertainment.


Museum of Cultures of Vietnam's Ethnic Groups

Location: Museum of Cultures of Vietnam's Ethnic Groups is located in the center of Thai Nguyen city, Thai Nguyen province. Characteristics: The museum was built in 1960 on a large campus with many old trees. The museum has displayed and introduced many artifacts that are the traditional cultural heritage of the great family of 54 Vietnamese ethnic groups.

The museum has a total area of ​​28,000 square meters with more than 3,000 square meters used for display areas, artifact preservation and other activities. Currently, the Museum preserves more than 20,000 rare original documents and artifacts belonging to the cultural heritage of 54 Vietnamese ethnic groups. The display system includes 6 rooms, each room uses nearly 2,000 objects including original artifacts, photos and supporting scientific documents. - Opening room: overview of cultural characteristics of Vietnamese ethnic groups. - Viet - Muong Division includes ethnic groups: Viet, Muong, Tho, Chut. - Tay - Thai Division includes ethnic groups: Tay, Nung, Thai, Lao, Lu, San Chay, Bo Y. - Mong - Dao Division and other South Asian groups include ethnic groups: H'Mong, Dao, Pa Then, La Chi, La Ha, Co Lao, Pu Peo. - Phong Mon - Khmer ethnic groups include: Kho Mu, Mang, Khang, Xinh Mun, O Du, Khmer, Ba Na, Xo Dang, Co Ho, Hre, M;Nong, Xtieng, Bru-Van Kieu, Co Tu, Gie Trieng, Ma, Co, Ta Oi, Cho Ro, Brau, Ro Mam. - The Sino-Chinese, Tibetan Burmese, Ma, O-Pole-di division includes the following ethnic groups: Hoa, Ngai, San Diu, Ha Nhi, La Hu, Phu La, Lo Lo, Cong, Si La, Gia Rai, Ede, Cham, Ra Glai, Chu Ru. In addition, the museum also has an attractive outdoor display area. The museum has attracted many domestic and foreign tourists and overseas Vietnamese to visit and learn about the cultural identities of Vietnamese peoples.


Phoenix Cave, Mo Ga Stream

Location: Phuong Hoang Cave is located on Phuong Hoang Mountain in Vo Nhai district, 45km from Thai Nguyen city along National Highway 1B (Thai Nguyen - Lang Son). At the foot of Phuong Hoang Mountain is Suoi Mo Ga cave. Features: Phuong Hoang Mountain, Phuong Hoang cave, Suoi Mo Ga cave is one of the most beautiful landscapes in Thai Nguyen province because of its majestic natural scenery and beautiful caves. .




ATK - safe resistance zone

Location: ATK is located in Phu Dinh commune, Dinh Hoa district, Thai Nguyen province. Characteristics: This is where President Ho Chi Minh and other Party and State leaders lived and worked from 1947 - 1954 to lead the 9-year resistance war against the French colonialists.

This ATK historical site was ranked nationally by the State in 1981. Currently, ATK still has many relics of Uncle Ho's living and working place such as the house floor, working cellar, the hibiscus tree Uncle planted, and stone slabs. Uncle often lay down to rest for lunch... ATK is the place where many important historical events of the nation are recorded. On December 6, 1953, at Tin Keo hill, the Politburo of the Central Committee met to approve the strategic war plan - offensive for the Winter-Spring 1953-1954 to create the famous Dien Bien Phu victory, ending successfully. the nation's long and arduous resistance war. Many important decrees of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam were signed and promulgated here, including the law on military service, the decree on general mobilization... on rent reduction and land reform... Prime Minister ATK capital was also the place where our country's diplomatic activities took place at that time. In 1990, at Tin Keo hill, Thai Nguyen province, a memorial stele was built to commemorate President Ho Chi Minh, a historical relics gallery, a guest house... In the center of Phu Dinh commune, a traditional house was also built, introducing Displaying many precious artifacts. Besides the main relics such as Tin Keo hill, Khuon Tat, Na Nom... the ATK relic cluster also has many historical places such as: De pass, Hong mountain, Mr. Cao Nhat's house - one of the bases the first network of the Northern Region Party Committee in the period 1939 - 1945; Man forest - where the communication station of the Northern Party Committee of Tonkin is located and where the Party's political and military training classes are held, comrade Truong Chinh, General Secretary of the Party at that time, and comrade Hoang Quoc Viet used to visit and work together. move here; Mai Son pagoda - where the Northern Party Committee set up a special printing house, printing the Liberation Flag newspaper and many important documents; Kha Son communal house - where the first revolutionary government of the commune was established... All of these historical relics have been nationally ranked. Coming to ATK, visitors can return to an ancient war zone, to learn more about the activities of Vietnamese people who have devoted themselves to the cause of protecting their beloved motherland.


Lac Canh Dai Nam Van Hien tourist area

Location: Hiep An Ward, Thu Dau Mot City, Binh Duong Province, about 30km north of Ho Chi Minh City Features: With a total area of ​​476ha, Lac Canh Dai Nam Van Hien is a complex of public works. presenting temples, citadels, mountains, rivers and lakes, hotels, entertainment areas... towards the goal of spiritual tourism imbued with national culture and history.

Behind the Dai Nam temple area is the majestic Bao Son range consisting of 5 peaks: Metal - Moc - Water - Fire - Earth, of which the central peak is 65.8m high. Guarding the west of Bao Son range is the temple worshiping the Bach Ho god, the east is the temple of the Mountain God and Than Nong. Going deep into the heart of the mountain, looking to the west is the place to worship the Buddhas in heaven and earth with: Buddha Mother Chuan De, Quan Am Nam Hai, Quan Am in White Clothes, Buddha Maitreya and Mother Earth; The east side is a place to worship talented people of the Vietnamese people through the ages such as King Ngo Quyen and Nguyen Binh Khiem. This is also the place where the nation's history is recreated with memorable milestones in the struggle to build and defend the country, and is the home of thousands of swiftlets, a symbol of a "good land where birds perch". "The center of the worship area is with an area of ​​5,000m². The highlight of the temple area is the Golden Palace with the main hall worshiping Buddha Shakyamuni, King Hung and Dieu Ngu Giac Hoang Tran Nhan Tong. On the right side of the shrine is the altar of Saint Tran Hung Dao, Mother Au Co and Hundred Families (a table recording 1039 family lines of Vietnamese ethnic groups). On the left side is the shrine of Uncle Ho, To Duc and the altar of 3 people: Tutelary God - God of Wealth - Tho Dia. All the worship statues in the Golden Palace and the monuments of the two national heroes Quang Trung and Ly Thuong Kiet guarding outside the palace are gilded with gold. Kim Dien was built in a circular square shape. The circle on the roof of the palace symbolizes heaven, with 108 cranes painted with the meaning: 54 cranes represent the 54 Vietnamese ethnic groups in the earthly world, 54 cranes represent the 54 Vietnamese ethnic groups in the underworld. The center of the dome is the echo point. Standing at the echo point, the sound will be amplified and transmitted throughout Kim Dien. The square is shown through the 4 walls of the shrine, including 28 sets of doors with each door weighing 500kg. On the base of 28 sets of doors are carved 28 typical historical paintings, marking the milestones of the nation's history starting with the Hai Ba Trung uprising and ending with the brilliant victory of the historic spring. 1975. In the hall, there are two candles called Dai Hoang Dang, each 2.7m high with a diameter of 90cm, expected to burn for many years. Gently winding around Kim Dien is the green Bao Giang River, with a total length of 720m. Down the Bao Giang River, a part of Vietnamese people's lives are recreated through terraced fields, pumpkin flower trellises, the sound of water flowing from the ravine, and schools of fish gliding in small clear streams. It all reminds us of the relaxation, peace and simplicity of the Vietnamese countryside. Rising from the central mountain of the Bao Son range is the 9-story Stupa. This is a place of worship, expressing gratitude and honor of the next generation to their ancestors and predecessors. Each floor of the tower has different meanings. * First floor: worshiping the souls of fallen heroes and compatriots. * Second floor: worships the anonymous soldiers who forgot their lives for the country. * Third floor: worshiping President Ho Chi Minh. * Fourth floor: worshiping Saint Tran Hung Dao. *Fifth floor: worshiping noble women from the time of founding the country until now: Trung Trac - Trung Nhi, Trieu Thi Trinh, Bui Thi Xuan and Nguyen Thi Dinh. * Sixth floor: worshiping deities who have contributed to the country and have been deified. * Seventh floor: worships 18 generations of Hung Kings. *Eighth floor: worshiping the Three Realms Council includes: Council of Buddhas, Council of the Four Palaces and Council of the Country from the day the country was founded until now. * 9th floor: worshiping the Fatherland. One of the other attractions of Lac Canh Dai Nam Van Hien tourist area is the 12.5 hectare zoo. . Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to witness with their own eyes the animals raised in a semi-natural environment, especially rare species appearing for the first time in Vietnam such as: white lions, white tigers, and egrets. Curly-horned aspen, South American squirrel monkey... In addition, with the first night zoo appearing in Vietnam, visitors can observe the life, living habits, and hunting at night of animals. wild thanks to the moonlight lighting system at the zoo. Besides, with more than 40 games from gentle and relaxing feelings to thrilling games that challenge the spirit, from adventure games to games that explore the mysteries of nature, it can satisfy everyone. visitors' needs. Most of these games appeared for the first time in Vietnam. In particular, Dai Nam artificial beach with a total area of ​​21.6 hectares including 2 areas: freshwater sea and saltwater sea is an ideal place to relax for tourists. Dai Nam salty seawater is prepared from sea salt of Vinh Hao - Tuy Phong - Binh Thuan region and minerals dissolved in seawater with appropriate salinity, very good for health. Ocean waves are created by wind with 9 extremely unique wave patterns. Interesting water games for children, sports playgrounds for adults along with seafood dishes with a strong, sea-flavored flavor. will bring you minutes of fun and relaxation. Located in the Lac Canh Dai Nam Van Hien tourist area complex, there are also combined features of the architecture of Co Loa citadel and Hue royal court, giving visitors the opportunity to look back into the past of their early ancestors. period of building and defending the country. Besides, Dai Nam shopping area with an area of ​​more than 8,000m² and many diverse and abundant products will meet the shopping needs of visitors. With the scale of such a tourist area, Lac Canh Dai Nam Van Hien: the largest temple, the longest hotel, the longest artificial mountain and river, the widest artificial sea, the largest square, and many zoos. The rarest and most expensive type. This is a project with profound educational, cultural and historical significance.


Tuong Binh Hiep lacquer village

Location: Tuong Binh Hiep lacquer village is located in Tuong Binh Hiep ward, Thu Dau Mot city, Binh Duong province, 7km north of the city center. Characteristics: Tuong Binh Hiep lacquer village has been famous throughout the country for many centuries, being the cradle of the local fine arts lacquer industry.




Hoi Khanh Pagoda

Location: Located at 35 Yersin Street, Phu Cuong Ward, Thu Dau Mot City, Binh Duong Province, 25km south of Ho Chi Minh City. Characteristics: Hoi Khanh Pagoda was founded by Zen Master Dai Ngan (of the Lam Te lineage) in the 2nd year of Canh Hung, in the reign of Le Hien Tong, i.e. the year of the Rooster (1741).




Song Be golf course

Location: Located in Lai Thieu town, Thuan An district, Binh Duong province, about 22km from Ho Chi Minh City. Characteristics: This is the first international standard golf course in Vietnam.




Chau Thoi Mountain Pagoda

Location: Chau Thoi Mountain Pagoda is located in Binh An commune, Di An district, Binh Duong province. Characteristics: This is one of the famous ancient pagodas of ancient Gia Dinh.




Lai Thieu orchard

Location: Lai Thieu orchard is located in Lai Thieu town, Thuan An district, Binh Duong province, about 20km north of Ho Chi Minh City. Characteristics: For hundreds of years, Lai Thieu has been famous as a wonderful fruit garden with a total planting area of ​​1,230 hectares and has become a green tourist destination suitable for all ages.




Imperial Citadel

Location: Located in Nhon Hau commune, An Nhon town, Binh Dinh province, about 27km north of QuiNhon city. Characteristics: Emperor Citadel was where the headquarters of the Tay Son insurgent army was located in the early stages and later was the capital of the central government of Emperor Thai Duc - Nguyen Nhac.

Do Ban Citadel was built under the reign of King Yangpuku Vijaya in the late 10th century, and was the last capital of the Champa kingdom from the 11th to the 15th century. In 1775, the citadel was rebuilt by the Tay Son dynasty. , extended eastward to 15 miles and was officially named Hoang De Citadel since 1778. Hoang De Citadel is not large but has its own beauty, especially with three citadel rings: inner citadel, outer citadel and Forbidden City. Wall. The outer citadel is the outermost citadel, rectangular in shape but the edges are curved, not straight, with a circumference of 7400m. The citadel has a width of more than 10m, the wall is over 6m high and the citadel is over 4m wide. The citadel has 5 gates open, of which the southern wall has two gates: Ve gate and Tan Khai gate. The three city walls, east, west, and north, open three gates, East, West, and North. The citadel is covered with soil, inside and outside laterite bundles. The inner citadel is called the Imperial Citadel, built southwest of the outer citadel. The inner citadel is rectangular with a circumference of 1600m, the base is 7-9m wide. The city wall is also covered with soil and laterite bundles on both sides. The inner citadel opens three gates, of which the Tien gate is in the middle of the southern wall, looking straight at the Ve gate of the outer citadel. The Forbidden City is located in the center of the Imperial Citadel, is the innermost citadel, rectangular in shape, with a circumference of nearly 600m. The wall is 1.8m high, the southeast corner is over 3m high, and the wall is about 1.5m wide. The citadel has 4 gates in 4 directions, of which the gate in the south is the main gate called Nam Lau gate or Quyen Bong gate. The Imperial Citadel also witnessed battles between the Tay Son and Nguyen dynasties, including the siege of the citadel by two Tay Son generals, Tran Quang Dieu and Vo Van Dung, and general Vo Tanh of the Nguyen dynasty in May 1801. Knowing that he could not hold out against the Tay Son army, Vo Tanh set himself on fire while the civil servant Ngo Tung Chau committed suicide by drinking poison. After the Tay Son dynasty collapsed in 1802, the Imperial Citadel was leveled by the Nguyen Dynasty. Right on the premises of the Octagonal Palace, where King Thai Duc held court, Nguyen Anh built a mausoleum and an Octagonal pavilion to worship the defeated generals Vo Tanh and Ngo Tung Chau. With hundreds of years of age, the Imperial Citadel is likened to the Imperial Citadel. An ancient book forgotten, if accidentally touched and opened, visitors will be conquered by the beauty of the past pages, extremely valuable historical lines. No one can explain why the old tamarind tree, after hundreds of seasons of changing leaves, is still tall and green; The old laterite wall is old but still full of unique charm; The fig tree, over a hundred years old, still bears fruit and is full of branches; and the typical laterite square well of the local people is always full of cool water... These mysteries are waiting for the footsteps of travelers to learn and explore. In addition to the fortified walls, the citadel is also defended by a system of rivers, mountains, hills, natural and artificial mounds surrounding it. Dap Da River splits at Thiet Tru (Nhon My commune) and then merges at Ly Tay (Nhon Thanh commune) surrounding Hoang De citadel like a natural moat, and is also a convenient waterway. To the northwest of the citadel, there are traces of an old boat wharf in the Ben Go area. From there, the boat can follow the Quai Vac River back to the Kon River and then up to Thuong Dao or down the Dap Da River and Dai An River to the east to Thi Nai estuary. Along with the river and moat lines, the mountain mounds around the citadel also play a significant role in the defense system. To the south of the citadel are Van Son mound and Tap mound - places previously used to train soldiers. A little further than Tap mound is Long Cot mountain in front of the citadel gate. The entrances to the citadel are more than 20 meters apart, one facing east, one facing west. Those are the vestiges of Do Ban citadel of the Champa kingdom, retained by King Thai Duc Nguyen Nhac when building the citadel. Through the city gate, in the yard there are very lively unicorn stone statues. Entering the Forbidden City area, visitors will have the opportunity to admire some of the relics that remain to this day such as... Distribution of signs on both sides of the Octagonal Tower has been dredged, returning its original shape. The old swimming pool has a diameter of 17m long and a depth of 1.6m. The lake walls are brown laterite rocks stacked on top of each other, bonded with clay very skillfully and beautifully. In particular, on the lake wall there are white coral blocks the size of a hand and some stone pedestals. The lake bottom is flat, compacted with bricks, then compressed with a layer of clay. On both sides of the lake, there are gentle steps leading down to the lake. The edge and wall of the swimming pool are within reach to grab onto when going in and out, creating convenience and comfort for bathers. The semicircular swimming pool is both visually beautiful and somewhat romantic, symbolizing love. From scientific evidence, archaeologists lean towards the hypothesis that the lake dates back to the time when Do Ban citadel was built, built by Champa king Che Man as a gift to Princess Huyen Tran. About 50m from the semicircular lake is a . The well wall is built of laterite and clay. It is possible that the bathing pool water was taken from this well. Over time, the old well has now been filled up, leaving only a sunken lake. At the corner of the citadel, there is also a laterite-paved stone wall whose water is still clear even to this day, even though time and vegetation have unintentionally covered it. The Forbidden City is always filled with poetic green trees. Looming behind the canopy of an ancient tree is a place from the Champa period leaning shyly, as beautiful as a painting. Through the devastation of time, ancient trees of all types: tamarind, fig, bodhi, star fruit... still stand there proudly like majestic musketeers protecting the forbidden palace. The Imperial Citadel was ranked a national historical relic by the Ministry of Culture and Information in 1982.


Banh It Tower

Location: Located in Phuoc Hiep commune, Tuy Phuoc district, Binh Dinh province, on top of a hill between two branches of the Con river, Tan An and Cau Ganh, next to National Highway 1A, about 20km from Quy Nhon city. Characteristics: This is a complex of 4 towers, from a distance they look like Banh It towers, so they are called Banh It towers.




Quang Trung Museum

Location: Kien My village, Phu Phong town, Tay Son district, Binh Dinh province, about 45km northwest of Qui Nhon city center. Characteristics: Quang Trung Museum preserves artifacts about the exploits of King Quang Trung and performs Tay Son Martial Arts - a traditional martial art of Binh Dinh.

From Quy Nhon city, following Highway 19 about 45km, visitors will arrive at Quang Trung museum in Phu Phong town, the hometown of the three Tay Son brothers, Nguyen Nhac, Nguyen Hue and Nguyen Lu. Construction began in 1978 on a 95,000m² campus with entrance, Quang Trung museum is a cultural space including: museum area, Tay Son Tam Kiet temple, Emperor Quang Trung monument, house Tay Son martial arts performances, cultural communal houses of Central Highlands ethnic groups... One thing that visitors cannot miss when coming to Quang Trung museum is to enjoy a set of 12 drums symbolizing the 12 zodiac animals. A drum song consists of three acts: the march of troops to battle, the siege of the city, and the song of triumph. When listening to this drum song, visitors will feel the scene of pouring rain and waterfalls, sometimes picking up, sometimes drilling, sometimes heart-pounding, sometimes heroic and uplifting. Legend has it that in the past, martial music was played to stimulate the spirit of the Tay Son insurgents. In addition, visitors can also watch unique traditional martial arts performances, enjoy the Central Highlands gong culture with many unique dance performances, reminiscent of the early days of the Tay Son brothers starting their business from the upper region. An Khe religion (Gia Lai). , preserving thousands of precious documents and artifacts throughout the development periods of the Tay Son uprising and Emperor Quang Trung (1771 - 1789). Nguyen Hue is a national hero who was instrumental in suppressing rebellion in the country and expelling invaders. In 1788, he commanded a large army from Phu Xuan (Hue) to march 35 days and nights to the North, defeating 290,000 Qing invaders and liberating Thang Long (now Hanoi). Nguyen Hue ascended the throne with the title Quang Trung. Coming to Quang Trung museum, visitors will listen to explanations and introductions about illustrious victories and admire important artifacts imprinting the glorious victories of cloth-clad heroes such as war drums and gongs. , seals or 18 types of rudimentary weapons helped the Tay Son insurgents go from winning 50,000 Siamese troops in the battle of Rach Gam - Xoai Mut to the battle of 290,000 Qing troops. On the walls are also engraved the names, ages, and hometowns of civil and military mandarins under the Tay Son dynasty. In addition, visitors can also see the uniforms that have been preserved for hundreds of years of these mandarins. After crossing Canh Bridge, visitors will come to the Tay Son Dynasty's civil servants and military generals built on the childhood home of the three heroes. Here the three Tay Son brothers were born, grew up and became outstanding leaders of the Tay Son movement. This is also the place to worship the parents of the three Tay Son brothers, Mr. Ho Phi Phuc and Ms. Nguyen Thi Dong. Tay Son Palace is small but solemn. In front of the large yard is a three-entrance gate, followed by a stele inscribed with the merits of Quang Trung - Nguyen Hue written in the national language. The main hall consists of three compartments, the middle compartment worships Quang Trung - Nguyen Hue, there is a picture of him riding a horse placed in a glass frame, the left compartment worships Nguyen Nhac, the right compartment worships Nguyen Lu. The two gables are altars to worship the civil servants and military generals of the Tay Son dynasty such as: Tran Quang Dieu, Bui Thi Xuan, Vo Van Dung, Ngo Thi Nham, Ngo Van So, Tran Van Ky... Currently in his family's old garden Tay Son still remains, it is said that it dates back to the time of Ho Phi Phuc. The ancient tamarind tree located on the left side of Tay Son palace has luxuriant branches and leaves that shade an entire corner of the garden, with a tree base circumference of up to 3.5m. To the right of Tay Son palace is a well, 0.9m in diameter, previously built of laterite and not as deep as now. Later, the villagers dug deeper and built the well 0.8m above the ground to make it a common well for the whole village. Coming here, visitors can sit and rest under a tamarind tree, draw cool well water and drink to increase their heroic spirit like the heroes of the past. Visiting Quang Trung Museum, visitors will be able to go back in history to live with the spirit of martial arts, heroism, chivalry, the will to fight resiliently and indomitably, preserving the homeland and the country through history. the majesty of the Tay Son uprising movement and the glorious and illustrious victories of Quang Trung - Nguyen Hue. Every year, on the 5th day of the first lunar month, people around the region gather at the museum to commemorate national hero Quang Trung (also known as Dong Da holiday).


Duong Long Tower

Location: Duong Long Tower is located in Binh Hoa commune, Tay Son district, Binh Dinh province. Characteristics: Duong Long Tower is also known as Ivory Tower, including 3 towers, the middle tower is 24m high, the two towers on both sides are 22m high. This is one of the most beautiful tower clusters remaining in Central Vietnam.

From National Highway 1A, to Go Gang, away from City. Qui Nhon 40km and City. 270km from Da Nang, turn west to Phu Cat airport, in front of the airport gate, turn left, continue about 9km to arrive. The body of the tower is built of bricks, the corners are assembled with large rocks and the sculptural decorations are all made of stone. The tower's door faces east and is raised quite high, about 1.5m and the door frame is made of large stone blocks. The upper half of the tower is almost made up of large blocks of stone stacked very skillfully on top of each other. In the corners are large carvings with images of sacred animals and birds: Garuda, Elephant, Eagle... The flat surfaces of the walls are covered with many large reliefs in the shape of leaves, depicting scenes of dancing and singing, and monks. . All decorative details in this tower are very large, carved on sandstone, have clear lines and are still very well preserved. Only the large stone blocks on the roof have been displaced a lot. These people are shown to have relatively large heads, wearing high-crested hats. In particular, the tops of the towers here are giant lotus flowers with many layers of petals pointing slightly upward.


Twin towers

Location: The tower is located next to Doi Bridge on Tran Hung Dao Street, Dong Da Ward, Quy Nhon City, Binh Dinh Province. Characteristics: The Twin Towers are also called Hung Thanh towers, and are classified as one of the "unique" beautiful towers of Champa architectural art.




Long Khanh Pagoda

Location: No. 141 Tran Cao Van Street, Quy Nhon City, Binh Dinh Province. Characteristics: Built under the reign of King Le Du Tong (18th century), Long Khanh Pagoda was the place to spread Buddhist beliefs in the region at that time.

The main hall is solemnly decorated, with a bronze statue of Sakyamuni Buddha in the middle, 2m high, cast at the pagoda in 1960. The statue of Amitabha Buddha in the front yard of the pagoda is 17m high, installed in 1972. Currently, the pagoda still preserves two precious artifacts, which are: - Thai Binh Hong Chung (Hong Thai bell) was cast in 1805, during the reign of King Gia Long. - The "Long Khanh Tu" logo seal was printed in 1813 during the reign of King Gia Long.


Ghenh Rang Tien Sa

Location: Located in Ghenh Rang ward, Quy Nhon city, Binh Dinh province, about 3km southeast of the city center. Characteristics: Ghenh Rang is a complex of consecutive rocky beaches, winding along the curve of Xuan Van mountain and is considered the most scenic spot of Binh Dinh province.




Hoi Van hot spring

Location: Hoi Van village, Cat Hiep commune, Phu Cat district, Binh Dinh province, about 50km northwest of Quy Nhon city. Characteristics: This is one of the hot mineral water sources exploited for treatment in Vietnam.




Ben En National Park

Location: Ben En National Park is located in Nhu Xuan district, Thanh Hoa province, 36km southwest of Thanh Hoa city. Characteristics: The total area of ​​natural forest is 16,634 hectares, of which the area of ​​primary forest is 8,544 hectares with a complex of mountains, rivers, streams, and mountain lakes with many names and legends about places.




Citadel of the Ho Dynasty

Location: Ho Dynasty Citadel is in Vinh Loc district, Thanh Hoa province, about 150km from Hanoi. Characteristics: The citadel was built by Ho Quy Ly in 1397 with very large and solid green stone blocks.




Lam Kinh historical site

Location: Thanh Lam Kinh is located in Xuan Lam commune, Tho Xuan district, Thanh Hoa province, 51km west of Thanh Hoa city. Characteristics: Built by King Le Thai To (Le Loi), Lam Kinh citadel is also called Tay Kinh.




Ham Rong cultural and historical relic site

Location: Ham Rong ward, Thanh Hoa city, Thanh Hoa province Characteristics: This is a place associated with the resounding Ham Rong victory in history

With a total area of ​​568 hectares, Ham Rong cultural and historical relic site includes scenic spots, revolutionary historical relics and spiritual cultural works such as: Ham Rong bridge, Ham Rong mountain, Tien Son cave, Long Quang Cave, Ngoc Mountain, Canh Tien Mountain, Temple of Vietnamese Heroic Mothers and Heroic Martyrs of Thanh Hoa Province, Truc Lam Ham Rong Zen Monastery, Dong Son ancient village... The first image reminds us of The historic Ham Rong victory in the past was across the Ma River, nearly 5km north of Thanh Hoa city center. The bridge was built in 1904 in the style of a steel arch bridge with pillars, the most modern in Indochina at that time. Here, on April 3 and 4, 1965, the army and people of Thanh Hoa fought heroically, shot down 47 enemy aircraft, captured many enemy pilots, protected the bridge safely and ensured smooth traffic. contributing with the army and people of the whole country to bring the resistance war against the US to save the country to complete victory. After being attacked many times, Ham Rong Bridge still stands proudly, leaning against Ham Rong Mountain, reflecting on the Ma River, becoming a symbol of the resilient, indomitable will and patriotism of the Thanh people and soldiers. . (Long Ham Mountain) is about 2km long from Duong Xa village, Thieu Duong commune, Thieu Hoa district, along the right bank of Ma river to the foot of Ham Rong bridge. The mountain has a graceful, curving shape like a dragon with 9 consecutive, undulating segments, the last part emerging into a high mountain with piles of rocks that look like a dragon's jaws bending down to suck up the water of the Ma River. Unique terrain features have turned this area into a solid air defense base, contributing to the legend of the resounding Ham Rong victory in history. Not only does it have a strategic position in combat, Ham Rong mountain range also has majestic landscapes because it is surrounded by endless pine hills and romantic valleys. In particular, on the mountain there are Long Quang cave and Tien Son cave with unique and exciting beauty, attracting many tourists to visit. It is also called Dragon Eye Cave because the top of the cave has two doors on both sides, looking like two eyes of a dragon. The space outside the cave is very airy. Standing from the cave entrance, visitors can zoom out to admire the panoramic view of Thanh Hoa city hidden among the rolling mountains and the winding Ma River as if embracing Dragon Mountain. With its poetic and lyrical scenery, since ancient times, Long Quang cave has attracted many poets and visitors to visit such as: Nguyen Trai, Le Thanh Tong, Cao Ba Quat, Pham Su Manh... On the stone walls outside In the cave, many Chinese poems from the Later Le Dynasty are still preserved praising the landscapes of Dragon Mountain and Ma River. Going around the foot of Ham Rong mountain, going up the steep stone steps about 30m, visitors will reach . The cave consists of 3 main caves: cave 1, cave 2 and cave 3, connected to each other by small up and down paths. Coming here, visitors will admire the system of pristine stalactites with many shapes and forms such as the jade emperor, ancestors, fairies, thunder gods, lightning gods, flying dragons, dancing phoenixes... In addition, , in the cave there are also areas with unique shapes such as peach garden, aquarium, hell, sky gate, fairy well... making visitors feel like they are lost in a fairy tale space tinged with legend. Opposite Ham Rong Mountain, on the north bank of Ma River is also known as Chau Phong Mountain. Seen from a distance, Ham Rong Mountain and Ngoc Mountain look like a dragon playing with pearls. Next to it is the place where the artillery battlefield was previously located to protect Ham Rong bridge. Today, on the mountainside are embossed the words Quyet Thang as an affirmation of the heroic and resilient fighting tradition of the Thanh people and soldiers. Located on Canh Tien Mountain, it is a spiritual destination not to be missed by tourists when coming to Ham Rong cultural and historical relic site. The temple not only stands out because of its massive scale and harmonious combination of traditional and modern architecture, but is also a project that carries a profound sense of gratitude from the people of Thanh Hoa to their mothers and brothers. Heroic martyrs have fallen for the peace of their homeland today. With a total planning area of ​​15 hectares, the temple includes typical architectural items such as: three-entrance gate, four-pillar gate, semicircular lake, main temple, bell tower, memorial stele... Surrounding the temple is surrounded by a system of Stone fence system, lotus-shaped pillars and a system of up and down steps. Inside the temple, where the memorial hall is located, is decorated with exquisite patterns and painted with gold and red. Behind the temple stands out the 9-storey bell tower with sacred and magical beauty. With a total area of ​​40,000 square meters, located on C4 hill, it is also one of the unique spiritual cultural works in the Ham Rong cultural and historical relic site. This is a place for Buddhists to come and practice, and is also a place where talks and preaching sessions take place for all classes of people. The project includes main architectural items such as: Three gates, Three jewels, ancestral temple, bell tower, drum tower, monk's house, monk's hall, monk's guest house, sutra lecture house, meditation hall, boat wharf and other works. other auxiliary programs. Continuing the journey to explore the Ham Rong cultural and historical relic site, visitors will come to the southern bank of the Ma River, leaning against the Ham Rong mountain range. Dong Son village is structured in the style of a purely agricultural village, in front is a large, fertile field and a river wharf crowded with boats; Three sides of the village are surrounded by alternating dirt hills and rocky mountains. With a history dating back thousands of years, Dong Son ancient village still retains the architecture of the village gate, traditional village communal house and dozens of ancient houses with mossy walls located along brick and stone roads. zigzag along the mountainside. Besides, there is a system of unique tangible and intangible cultural heritages, including many relics related to belief and religious life such as DucThanh Ca Temple, Phu Mau, Nhi Temple, Am Van Tu. , Bo De Pagoda, Van Chi, Vo Chi, Trung Communal House, Le Dynasty Temple, Ba Dynasty Temple, stele "Tuong Son Biography"... In particular, material cultural evidence was discovered from underground. of Dong Son ancient village such as sets of agricultural tools, weapons, ceramics, jewelry, and intricately patterned bronze drums... have shown that since the period of founding Van Lang, Dong Son has been a a prominent agricultural village in the area. In the early 20th century, Dong Son became the name for a world-famous archaeological culture, that is, Dong Son Culture, and Dong Son bronze drums became a symbol of the talent and creativity of ancient Vietnamese people. the beginning of human civilization. With majestic historical pages and landscapes of a magnificent mountainous and river region, Ham Rong cultural and historical relic site will be a lasting achievement along the length of the nation's history.


Hon Trong Mai

Location: Hon Trong Mai is located in Sam Son town, Thanh Hoa province. Characteristics: The stone blocks have beautiful shapes and precarious positions, which are associated with the legend of a faithful love.




Cam Luong fish cave

Location: Cam Luong fish cave is located in Cam Luong commune, Cam Thuy district, Thanh Hoa province, nearly 80km from Thanh Hoa city. Characteristics: Here there are thousands of fish swimming freely in the stream bed. Local people consider this a herd of "divine" fish, never catching them but always voluntarily protecting the fish with the hope that the gods will grant them favorable weather and wind.




Ba Trieu Temple

Location: Lady Trieu's temple was built on Mount Gai (also known as Mount Ai) next to National Highway 1A, in Phu Dien village, Hau Loc district, Thanh Hoa province, 137km from Hanoi. Characteristics: Currently, the mausoleum tower still exists, although it is simple, simple but very dignified. On the Thien Ly road from North to South, pedestrians often stop, go up Mount Gai, commemorate the heroic female general, visit the mausoleum and enjoy the beautiful scenery.




Cai Mon ornamental tree village

Location: Vinh Thanh commune, Cho Lach district, Ben Tre province. Characteristics: Cai Mon is a famous land, considered a "kingdom" of ornamental plants.

From My Tho city, Tien Giang province, tourists cross Rach Mieu bridge, follow provincial road 884 to Tien Thuy market in Chau Thanh district, Ben Tre province. Here, there is a high-speed tourist boat to pick up guests and in just an hour of traveling the river, visitors will arrive at Cai Mon canal, a cool green countryside filled with flowers and fruits. In the name Cai Mon, the word Cai means large canal, Mon is a corruption of the word Mum (Khmer meaning honey). According to research documents on Southern culture by writer Son Nam, in the past, the two banks of the canal in Cai Mon had many honey bees because this was a land of luxuriant fruit trees, with flowers blooming all year round. . And the name Cai Mon originates from there. There is an interesting thing about nature that while all rivers, canals, and canals flow in one direction, the flow of Cai Mon canal flows from both ends. The place where the two streams meet is called by the local people with a mystical name, the Dragon's navel. In this section, the canal swells and the water calms, forming a bustling ornamental floating market, one of the most beautiful floating markets in the Mekong River region. In the early morning, gardeners from both ends of the Co Chien and Ham Luong rivers set out on canoes to go to the market. At the end of the day, when the Cai Mon stream splits in two and flows back to both ends, it is also the time to take boats to the two ends of the stream to end a working day. In Cai Mon, there are many places to rest and entertain according to the garden tourism model. Visitors can visit the areas of planting, nursery and crafting ornamental plants. Cai Mon ornamental flower village has thousands of households growing traditional flowers such as: marigold, bougainvillea, chrysanthemum, raspberry chrysanthemum, dahlias, carnations... In particular, Cai Mon is also a place to preserve dozens of ornamental flowers. like roses: crimson, velvety roses; pink gladiolus purple lotus; pink Elizabethan pink; Korokit roses are brick-colored, then yellow roses, red roses, orange roses, pink roses... In addition, visitors can find here rare ornamental plants that are hundreds of years old. There are very familiar trees such as: fig, sapphire, starfruit, areca nut, apricot... There are trees with quite "sound" names such as: polyscias fruticosa, small blood dora, five family bi ... All are turned into precious ornamental plants with beautiful, strange shapes and high value by the skillful hands and artistic souls of artisans. In addition to antique ornaments, the artisans here also focus on growing leaf ornaments such as rose buds, golden buds, hyacinths, bamboo ornaments, kumquat ornamentals, yellow apricot ornaments and especially deer-shaped ornaments. , deer, dragon, phoenix... very beautiful. Walking along the winding roads through lush, artistic gardens, visitors will feel like they are lost in royal gardens. After visiting the "kingdom of ornamental plants", visitors should visit the fruit-laden Cai Mon orchards, pick and enjoy delicious ripe fruits such as bonbon, mangosteen, flat-seeded durian... In the afternoon, visitors can stand on curved monkey bridges to watch the red sunset west of Cai Mon canal, go to coconut leaf-roofed restaurants along the banks of the canal or hide among picturesque ornamental gardens to Sip Ben Tre specialties, relax your soul and listen to the charming Cai Mon girl in her Ba Ba Don Ca Tai Tu dress.


Modal Verbs

Location: Located in Nga Thien commune, Nga Son district, Thanh Hoa province, far from the city. Thanh Hoa is about 50km to the northeast. Characteristics: The cave is a famous beautiful landscape of Thanh Hoa, associated with the legend "Tu Thuc married a fairy".

Belonging to the limestone mountain system extending from Tam Diep (Ninh Binh) to Than Phu - Nga Son gate (Thanh Hoa), Tu Thuc cave was formerly known as Bich Dao cave. The cave is associated with the story "Tu Thuc married a fairy" which is widely circulated among the people. Tu Thuc was from Tong Son (now Ha Trung district, Thanh Hoa province), and was appointed by the king to be governor of Tien Du district, Bac Ninh province. During a festival, he took off his brocade shirt to atone for a beautiful girl who broke a peony branch. Some time later, he resigned and returned to his hometown because he did not want to be tied to fame and fortune. Once at Than Phu seaport to travel through the mountains and water, Tu Thuc saw a very beautiful mountain, immediately entered a cave on the mountain and discovered a magnificent, magnificent castle. He was married by the castle's mistress to Giang Huong's daughter, who was the person he had saved in the past. Having lived happily together for a year, Tu Thuc missed home and asked to visit his hometown. Sympathizing with her husband's feelings, Giang Huong prepared a rattan cart and gave her husband an envelope. When he arrived at his hometown, everything had changed. When Tu Thuc asked, he found out that many years had passed. He wanted to return to the fairyland with his wife, but the rattan carriage had disappeared. When he opened the envelope, he saw Giang Huong's farewell. He sadly and disappointedly walked towards Hoang Son mountain (Nong Cong - Thanh Hoa) and then disappeared. Since then, Bich Dao cave is also known as Tu Thuc cave. Right at the entrance to Tu Thuc cave, there are two Chinese poems praising the magical beauty of the cave - one engraved on a stone slab placed under the cave floor by Lord Trinh Sam with the pen name Nhat Nam Nguyen, one engraved on a high cliff by Le Le. Quy Don. Outside the cave entrance, there is also a small temple called Son Than temple. Inside Tu Thuc cave is divided into two parts: inner cave and outer cave. The outside cave is spacious and bright. The cave's arc-shaped ceiling resembles a giant upside-down bowl. On the ceiling there is a beautiful peach-shaped stalactite. Under the cave floor, there are still traces of Tu Thuc temple and sparkling stalactites that are likened to the gold treasury, treasury... of humanity. From the outer cave, following a narrow corridor, visitors will enter the inner cave. Throughout the cave are stalactites of various shapes and colors, evoking images associated with the love of Giang Huong and Tu Thuc such as: Giang Huong's bathroom and Tu Thuc's study, the fairy chess board, pair of stalactite birds, five-fruit tray, musical instruments... At the end of the cave there are two turns, one with even stone steps, according to legend is the road to the fairyland; A turn deep into the mountain in a spiral path is the road to hell. In 1992, Tu Thuc Cave was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a National Scenic Monument.


Tuyen Linh Pagoda

Location: Tuyen Linh Pagoda in Minh Duc commune, Mo Cay district, Ben Tre province. Characteristics: Tuyen Linh Pagoda was recognized as a national historical-cultural relic on July 20, 1994. On May 19 every year, a festival takes place at the pagoda with many cultural exchange activities and meetings to celebrate Uncle Ho's birthday.

Tuyen Linh Pagoda was built in the year of the Rooster (1861), during the 14th year of Tu Duc's reign. At first, the pagoda was called Tien Linh, led by Venerable Khanh Phong and made of bamboo and leaves to worship Mrs. Sam. In 1907, monk Le Khanh Hoa, whose Buddhist name was Thich Nhu Tri, from Phu Le commune, Ba Tri district, came to become a monk at this pagoda. As a monk very knowledgeable in Buddhism, Venerable Le Khanh Hoa preached Buddhist teachings and trained disciples. Thanks to his broad understanding, traveling to many places, having learned Confucianism and knowing the national language, he was trusted by Buddhist believers and lay people and had more than 90% of local people follow the religion. Venerable Le Khanh Hoa was also the founder of the Nam Ky Buddhist Association and the Luong Xuyen Buddhist Association, which gathered many monks and lay Buddhists in Nam Ky at that time. At the same time, the monk is also the editor of Tu Bi Am magazine and director of Buddhist studies. Tuyen Linh Pagoda is where Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac, Uncle Ho's father, stopped many times to stay. The longest time Mr. Pho Bang stayed here was from 1927 to 1929. During his stay at the pagoda, Mr. Pho Bang opened teaching classes, examined pulses and made medicine for people in the area and discussed with Venerable Le Khanh Hoa. people's affairs and country's affairs. Here, Mr. Nguyen Sinh Sac also met Mr. Tran Van An, Huynh Khac Man, Le Van Phat, and among them there were people who later became the first class of party members of the Ben Tre Party Committee. In 1929, Mr. Pho Bang fell ill and was followed by French spies, so Venerable Le Khanh Hoa tried to bring him back to Dong Thap. According to the elders in Minh Duc commune, the name Tien Linh pagoda was changed to Tuyen Linh pagoda in 1930 by monk Le Khanh Hoa following the advice of Mr. Pho Bang. He explained that: Propaganda is propaganda. For his part, Venerable Le Khanh Hoa, in addition to chanting Buddhist scriptures, always encouraged Buddhist followers to participate in revolutionary and resistance activities. Due to old age and serious illness, Venerable Le Khanh Hoa passed away on June 19, 1947. Before passing away, the monk took a bath, changed his robe, faced the north, said prayers for the country's independence, wished President Ho's health, then recited Buddha's name and passed away. During the two resistance wars, Tuyen Linh pagoda was a place to hide and nurture revolutionary cadres, so twice the enemy used planes to bomb, destroy and burn the pagoda. The pagoda was restored many times and was newly built in 1999 on the old, very spacious foundation. However, there are not many artifacts associated with the pagoda's past. Comrade Viet Hung, Chairman of the Vietnam Fatherland Front in Minh Duc commune, member of the relic protection board of Tuyen Linh pagoda, said: "We are planning to build a museum at the pagoda. First, we will seek to mobilize and collect artifacts associated with the pagoda in the past and restore the autographs of monk Le Khanh Hoa and Nguyen Sinh Sac to display at the museum. In addition, a transportation system will be built to create easy travel for people to visit the temple."


Tomb of Nguyen Dinh Chieu

Location: Nguyen Dinh Chieu's grave is in An Duc commune, Ba Tri district, Ben Tre province. Characteristics: Nguyen Dinh Chieu's grave was built by the people of Ben Tre to commemorate him.




Dong Khoi relic area

Location: Dinh Thuy commune, Mo Cay district, Ben Tre province Characteristics: where evidence of the Dong Khoi movement opened the revolutionary struggle in South Vietnam in the early 1960s

From Ben Tre city, cross Ham Luong bridge along Highway 57 for more than 10km to Mo Cay Nam town, continue to turn left about 4km, visitors will reach the Dong Khoi relic site. The highlight of the relic site is Dong Khoi Traditional House, which was inaugurated and put into operation on January 17, 2000. The house has an area of ​​nearly 5,000 square meters, built on the foundation of the former governor's palace, including a ground floor and an upper floor. Here, images, artifacts, and relics related to the historical uprising of the past and the glorious revolutionary struggle of the army and people of Mo Cay district in particular and Ben Tre province in general are displayed, such as: coconut shells, machetes, sky horse guns, homemade bombs and mines, areca canes, fighting village models... On the roof of the Dong Khoi Traditional House, the Dong Khoi torch symbol is 12m high, 4.5m in diameter, with The 3 wings represent the three-pronged attack on the enemy by our army and people and the uprising of the people of the three island ranges in Ben Tre. On the right hand side of the Traditional House there is a red stone, beautiful and strange, the surface is engraved with eight golden words that President Ho Chi Minh awarded to the people and armed forces of Ben Tre province: "Heroic Dong". Run, win against America and destroy the puppets. The campus is also decorated with many types of ornamental flowers, creating a fresh and spacious space for the house. Coming to Dong Khoi relic area, visitors also have the opportunity to visit Snake communal house with many mysterious legends. Previously, the communal house was home to many types of snakes, so it was called Snake communal house. Since the August Revolution of 1945, Snake Communal House became one of the secret meeting grounds for revolutionary cadres and the starting point of many attacks by the armed forces. In 2005, Snake communal house was restored on a campus of more than 1,000 square meters, built in a unique style, including 2 rooms: martial arts and main hall. The festival is held on the 14th, 15th, and 16th days of the 5th lunar month every year. Vam Nuoc Trong Fort located next to Ham Luong River is also a destination not to be missed by tourists when coming to Dong Khoi relic site. With shady coconut gardens and pristine, quiet beaches, this place once marked the resounding victories of our people and soldiers in the two resistance wars against the French and Americans. Coming to Dong Khoi, visitors will have the opportunity to enjoy and exchange amateur music along the romantic Ham Luong river; At the same time, enjoy many famous specialties such as shrimp paste sandwiched with boiled pork belly, grilled snakehead fish, sour fish cooked with bamboo shoots, steamed apricot rice flour cake, banh xeo, khot cake mixed with coconut milk. ... Dong Khoi relic area was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical relic on January 7, 1993.


Vam Ho Bird Sanctuary

Location: Vam Ho Bird Sanctuary is located in My Hoa and Tan Xuan communes, Ba Tri district, Ben Tre province, far from Tx. Ben Tre is about 52km, far from the city. Ho Chi Minh City is 120km by road, 100km by waterway. Characteristics: Vam Ho is a mangrove area where many wild plants grow into forests, and is home to thousands of storks, egrets and many other types of birds.

The bird population at Vam Ho bird sanctuary includes: 84 species belonging to 35 families and 12 orders. More than 2,000 people come to visit each year, the largest number is during the time when birds return to breed from April to October of the lunar calendar. Vam Ho is a mangrove area where many wild plants grow into forests. On the upper floors there are nipa palms (previously there were many, so this place is also called Cu Lao La), dates, mangroves, and fish sauce, which are ideal places for birds to live. At the lower level there are holly trees, toadstools, reeds... which are vegetation for storks and egrets to nest and reproduce. Compared to bird sanctuaries in the Mekong Delta, Vam Ho bird sanctuary is still very young. New birds have arrived in Vam Ho since May 1986. This is the flock of birds that first migrated here to Cu Lao Dat Island, An Hiep commune, Ba Tri district. Every day, around 4 or 5 p.m., looking towards the west, from the distant horizon, tiny moving dots become clearer and clearer, a moment later a flock of thousands of storks are flapping their wings to fly across the river. Ba Lai hovered under the sunset and then gently landed on the green date palm forest. When the birds returned, the whole forest was disturbed by the sound of hungry baby birds mixed with the loud cries of angry storks. It was getting dark, the storks had returned, and the bird sanctuary was filled with the sounds of egrets going out to eat. Although the stork and the cauldron live in the same forest, they take turns keeping "home". When the stork returns, the cauldron goes away. When the stork returns, the stork sets out to continue its journey "diving along the riverbank". The wait staff at the restaurant at Vam Ho tourist area said that on bright moonlit nights, the cauldron's spread wings printed on the shimmering moonlight sky are both evocative and quiet like ancient poems. In Vam Ho, in addition to the spectacular dance of thousands of storks and cauldrons, the language also has the typical tones of other wild birds combined with rustling leaves like the sound of a coot calling to the flock in the middle of a summer night. quiet, the sound of the water bird calling like a chorus calling to the big water, the sound of ducks calling in the afternoon and many small birds living in the bushes near the water such as white-breasted hoe, green-breasted hoe, green-breasted bird, naughty guy, and green-breasted hoe. , fishermen, sandpipers, reeds, storks, ducks... When it rains, there are strong winds, or thunder and lightning, birds fly into the sky and cover a large area of ​​the sky. It is estimated that there are over 500,000 birds, the most of which are them. stork: white stork, black beak, yellow beak; horizontal stork, flying stork, cauldron, white ibis, gray heron..., especially in some years there is also the moldy heron. During the breeding season, on the mangrove tops, bird nests hang from tree branches. Visiting the Vam Ho bird sanctuary, visitors can walk through the forest, canoe through the mangrove forest, visit the resistance base, cross loose bamboo bridges, and lie down in a swinging hammock under the canopy. forest leaves, breathe the fresh air of the Ba Lai river.


Binh Hoa Communal House

Location: Giong Trom town, Giong Trom district, Ben Tre province, far from City. Ben Tre 16km southeast. Characteristics: It is one of 20 large and beautiful communal houses in Ben Tre province and also the oldest communal house on Bao island (including part of Chau Thanh district, Giong Trom district, Ba Tri district and Ben Tre city).

Binh Hoa communal house was built in 1831 with simple materials such as trees, leaves... In 1903, the communal house's celebration committee organized and mobilized people to contribute effort and money to rebuild. family on a larger scale and after 10 years (1903 - 1913), the project was completed. The communal house is built with the main material being four iron wood, the structure is attached with tenons and dowels. In 2012, the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Ben Tre province coordinated with the People's Committee of Giong Trom district to organize the restoration and embellishment of the architectural and artistic relics of Binh Hoa communal house and after 1 year of construction, the project was completed. The project has been completed with a total area of ​​9,000 square meters, including the main items: martial arts house, incense burner, main hall, lobby, corridor, back hall, Quan Thanh temple. The highlight of the communal house's architecture is the unique and sophisticated art of wood carving, closely combining elements of royal art with religious art and being folklorized to a certain extent. The themes of unicorns, dragons, turtles, phoenixes, birds, flowers... on the rafters, rafters, pierced, horizontal, horizontal... All the sculptures and fine art carvings at Binh Hoa communal house are cultural heritages. precious treasures, serving scientific research, and also a unique tourism product that attracts tourists to visit and admire. Currently, the communal house still preserves more than 100 wooden sculptures, including horizontal panels, parallel tureens, bamboo panels, reliefs, incense burners, ceremonial items... Every year, a worshiping ceremony takes place at the communal house on the full moon day of the lunar month. January and full moon of December. Binh Hoa Communal House was recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism) as a national historical-cultural relic on January 7, 1993.


Dau Pagoda

Location: Dau Pagoda is located in Khuong Tu village (also known as Dau village), Thanh Khuong commune, Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province. Characteristics: The first pagoda in Vietnam, built in the early 3rd century.

Since the early centuries AD, Dau Pagoda has been a famous Buddhist center domestically and internationally. Since the end of the 4th century, Zen Master Ty-ni-da-luu-chi opened a Dharma lecture hall at the temple, establishing the first Zen sect in Vietnam. The pagoda was rebuilt on a large scale by Mr. Mac Dinh Chi in the 14th century, and restored many times in the following centuries. Currently in the pagoda yard there is a 3-storey Hoa Phong tower about 17m high. In the tower there is a large bell cast during the reign of Canh Thinh (1793), a large bronze bell cast in the year Minh Mang 18. In addition, there are statues of Ba Phap Van, statues of Kim Dong and Ngoc Nu.


Phat Tich Temple

Location: Phat Tich Pagoda is located on the slopes of Lan Kha mountain (Rui Muc), Phat Tich commune, Tien Du district, Bac Ninh province. Characteristics: Phat Tich Pagoda was formerly a place where many monks practiced. According to historical books, Phat Tich Pagoda is where Buddha resides.

Phat Tich Pagoda, also known as Van Phuc Pagoda, was built between the 7th and 10th centuries. The pagoda was completed in the reign of Ly Thanh Tong (1057) and renovated spaciously in 1686. In 1057, King Ly Thanh Tong built a precious tower and cast a golden Buddha statue. The pagoda was built on a large scale in the 17th century. In 1947, due to war, the pagoda was completely destroyed. In 1958, the pagoda was roughly rebuilt. In 1991, the pagoda was gradually built according to the scale of ancient architecture. Currently, the remaining relic of the pagoda is a stone statue of Amitabha Buddha, meditating on a lotus throne, 1.85m high (including the stone pedestal, 3m high). The base of the pagoda's pillars are carved with lotus flowers and the orchestra, artisans play flutes, flutes, zithers, zithers, monochords, rice drums...


Dinh Bang village communal house

Location: Dinh Bang village communal house, Tu Son town, Bac Ninh province. Characteristics: Dinh Bang village communal house is the most ancient and famous communal house in Kinh Bac.

It is the hometown of Ly Cong Uan (also known as Ly Thai To), who founded the Ly dynasty and founded the capital Thang Long (in 1010). Dinh Bang has a cluster of cultural relics, especially relics of the Ly Dynasty, forming a unique memorial area, with historical echoes, of national significance, with all: communal houses, temples, pagodas, mausoleums, mausoleums, ... characteristic of a Vietnamese village culture. Dinh Bang communal house was built in 1700 and was not completed until 1736, thanks to the efforts of mandarin Nguyen Thac Luong, Dinh Bang and his very capable wife Nguyen Thi Nguyen from Thanh Hoa bought ironwood to offer to the village. , building a communal house that can last forever. The communal house worships 3 tutelary gods: Cao Son Dai Vuong (God of Earth), Thuy Ba Dai Vuong (God of Water) and Bach Le Dai Vuong (God of Cultivation). The Bai Duong building of the communal house is rectangular, 20m long, 14m wide, divided into seven compartments, two wings located on a high platform of green stone with steps. The massive appearance of the communal house is shown through the wide roof and iron columns rarely seen in other communal houses. There are about 60 large and small ironwood columns with diameters from 0.55 - 0.65m. Decorative patterns on architectural structures are very diverse, intricately carved, elaborate, and harmonious. The structure of the communal house frame is quite solid, tied together with various types of tenons. Each carving in the communal house is a unique and famous work. The more you admire, the more fascinated you are: the Eight Horses galloping painting, eight horses roaming around on the grasslands, the country is peaceful, the animals are happy. Paintings of two animals flanking each other, male and female, each with its own look. The exquisite dragon carvings: Dragon Cloud Congress, Five Dragons Painting Pearls, Six Dragons on Heaven... each painting, each depicting many things.


But Thap Pagoda

Location: But Thap Pagoda is located in the west of But Thap village, Dinh To commune, Thuan Thanh district, Bac Ninh province. Characteristics: But Thap Pagoda has unique and ingenious ancient architectural and sculpture art, with many Buddha statues and precious antiques.

When talking about Bac Ninh, we cannot help but mention But Thap Pagoda. This is an ancient pagoda. Although it has undergone many restorations and repairs, the pagoda still retains its attractive original features. The pagoda was built in the post-Le period (17th century). According to history, the pagoda was designed by Mrs. Trinh Thi Ngoc Truc (wife of King Le Thanh Tong) and two Vietnamese-Chinese monks. The pagoda's literal name is "Ninh Phuc Thien Tu" and was built in the style of "Foreign Noi Cong". The outermost is the Tam Quan, followed by the bell tower, then Tien Duong, followed by the Upper Palace - the most beautiful space in both architecture and sculpture. Outside the Upper Palace, there is a green stone railing surrounding it, carved with animal images, dotted with clouds, sky, flowers, leaves... Notably, there are birds, deer, monkeys, dragons, etc. very lively, passionate. Inside, there are statues of Tam The, Tam Than and the thousand-eyed, thousand-armed Guan Yin Buddha statue. The names and architectural styles evoke a unique and attractive wildness, an ancient mossy beauty. The Guanyin statue in the pagoda is large and massive: 3.7m high, has 11 heads, 42 large hands and 958 small hands. The strange thing is that each hand has an eye, and even more unique is that the rhythm of each arm is different. The statue is placed on a dragon lotus throne, behind is a shining halo, and below are vivid water wave decorations like an aquarium. Connecting between the Upper Palace and Tich Thien is a curved stone bridge where, sitting there, we can admire the unique beauty of the pagoda. The bridge is carved very elaborately, sophisticatedly and arranged very reasonably: at the bridge's head are two lions and the bridge's sides are familiar ancient carvings, very harmonious. That's not to mention a unique artistic work of the pagoda: the "Nine Product Lotus" building. The building is made of wood, consisting of 9 floors with Buddha statues carved around it. The special thing is that it can rotate and does not make any noise even though it was made several centuries ago!. Coming to the pagoda is coming to a highly humane tourist destination. In the pagoda, there are many precious antiques, many beautiful large and small towers where the relics of ancient Zen masters are placed. Bao Nghiem Tower, at the top shaped like a wine barrel, 5 floors, 8 sides, 13m high, is where the relics of Zen master Chuyet Chuyet are located; The 5-storey Ton Duc tower, 10m high, is where the relics of Zen Master Minh Hanh, the second patriarch of the pagoda, are located.


Phat Tich Pagoda Festival

Time: 4/1 lunar calendar. Location: Phat Tich commune, Tien Du district, Bac Ninh province. Objects of worship: Guanyin Buddha and Ly Thanh Tong. Characteristics: Worshiping Buddha, listening to sutras, praying for peace, praying for blessings, visiting relics.

The pagoda was built during the reign of King Ly Thanh Tong (11th century), and is a unique ancient architecture. In 1947, the pagoda was destroyed by war. Currently, on the pagoda's foundation, some ancient architecture remains such as a row of 10 stone statues of horses, rhinoceroses, buffaloes, elephants, and lions of quite large size in a prostrate position, 1.2m high. On the stone pedestal carved with lotus flowers in front of the stone steps of the front hall, the statue of Amitabha sitting on a stone lotus throne, the tower garden. The pagoda today was rebuilt in 1991 according to the old architecture, a complete Buddhist architecture with buildings, palaces, and worship statues of all kinds. The annual festival is held as an occasion for people to come on pilgrimage to worship. Buddha, offering incense to commemorate the merits of King Ly Thanh Tong, visiting relics and landscapes of Kinh Bac land.


Phu Lang Pottery Village

Location: Phu Lang commune, Que Vo district, Bac Ninh province, about 60km north of Hanoi Characteristics: is one of the traditional pottery production villages of ancient Kinh Bac land

Unlike ceramic products made of green clay from Tho Ha (Bac Giang) and white clay from Bat Trang (Hanoi), Phu Lang ceramics are made from pink-red clay taken from Thong Vat and Cung Khiem regions. (Bac Giang). After the soil is taken, the worker must dry it until it becomes infertile, then mix the soil layers together and smash them into small pellets. After that, the soil is "soaked" in water and mashed and skewed until it forms into rings with a certain plasticity and smoothness, then put on a hand turntable to shape into a product. Working around the turntable requires two people, one person who specializes in sharpening and one person who rotates the turntable, and at the same time rolls the soil into a beam for sharpening (also known as a wheel cart). After the product has been shaped, let it gradually shrink until it feels sticky when touched. At that time, the worker will shape the product into shapes and let it dry. Next is polishing, scraping and glazing, creating color for the product. Phu Lang ceramics are covered with a characteristic layer of glaze with unique names such as eel skin, dua fruit, custard apple, stone crab... Materials for making glaze include ash of forest trees, quicklime, crushed gravel. crushed and white alluvial mud. After preliminary processing, these 4 ingredients are mixed together in a certain ratio, then allowed to dry, crushed into water, filtered through a flour sieve, thereby making a thick liquid, yellow like honey. While the product is still damp, the worker uses a bristle brush to apply a thin layer of enamel on the outside of the product and then exposes it to dry. In addition to creating its own type of glaze, Phu Lang ceramics also have a unique and distinct feature thanks to the firewood firing technique, thanks to the different heat changes that create scratches on the ceramic surface that no other firing method can. replaceable. After the glazing, coloring and drying stages, the product is put into a kiln at 1,0000C for 3 consecutive days and 3 nights. Light pink clay when fired at high temperature will turn chicken liver color with two main glaze colors: yellow brown and black brown (often called eel skin glaze). Ceramic products that meet standards must be golden eel skin or cockroach wing color, and have an echo when tapped; The ceramic shape is simple, rustic but strong and boldly sculpted. Patterns on Phu Lang ceramics are embossed with traditional themes such as: four sacred animals (Dragon, Lan, Quy, Phung), village landscapes... Phu Lang ceramic products often focus on 3 main types: ceramics for use. for worship (incense burner, altar, top...); household ceramics (jars, jugs, pots, jars, jars, lime pots, pipes...) and artistic ceramics (pots, pots shaped like animals such as horses, elephants...). Coming to Phu Lang pottery village, visitors will have the opportunity to learn about the history of Phu Lang pottery making and create their own ceramic products.


Do Temple

Location: Do Temple is located in Dinh Bang village, Dinh Bang commune, Tu Son town, Bac Ninh province. Characteristics: It is a place to worship 8 Ly Dynasty kings. They are: Ly Cong Uan aka Ly Thai To (1009 - 1028); Ly Thai Tong (1028 - 1054); Ly Thanh Tong (1054 - 1072); Ly Nhan Tong (1072 - 1128); Ly Than Tong (1128 - 1138); Ly Anh Tong (1138 - 1175); Ly Cao Tong (1175 - 1210) and Ly Hue Tong (1210 - 1224).

Do Temple - also known as Co Phap Dien or Ly Bat De Temple, the temple was built in the 11th century (1030), on the land southeast of Huong Co Phap, Chau Co Phap (Dinh Bang village). According to Zen Master Ly Van Hanh, this land is the convergence of heavenly energy, where 8 dragon heads can appear. Legend has it that in the past, in front of the temple gate was a Bang forest, with Tieu Tuong stream meandering through. When King Ly Cong Uan passed away (1028), Ly Thai Tong ascended the throne to succeed his father. He renovated the old house and chose it as a place to worship his father, and from then on, the temple became a place to worship the gods. King of the Ly Dynasty after his death. The temple was built on the ground. When King Ly Cong Uan was crowned and returned to visit his homeland in February of the year Canh Tuat (1010), here, the king stopped the dragon boat to visit the elders, visit the Queen Mother's mausoleum and measure several dozen miles of land. make "Son Lang forbidden area". Dinh Bang villagers built a large house to welcome the king. During the Ly, Tran, and Le dynasties, Do temple was repaired and expanded. In particular, the temple was most expanded in the 17th century (1602) with the scale of 21 construction items arranged. in the style of "Foreign internal affairs", surrounded by a city wall. The temple's architecture inherits royal style and folk style. The overall architecture is harmoniously combined and intricately carved, representing a solid, superficial structure that is not rigid in its frame. natural scene. In 1952, Do Temple was occupied and completely destroyed by the French. From 1989 onwards, with the attention of the Party and State, the efforts of the people of Dinh Bang and the kindness of people from all over, Do Temple has gradually been restored, regaining its old appearance. of the temple restoration and expansion in 1602 with construction items such as: Harem House (80m²), Bong Passage House (80m²), Kieu House (130m²), Horse House (130m²), Water Pavilion, Phuong Communal House ... Based on the vestiges, documentary sources and reconstructed construction items, it allows us to visualize the overall architecture of Do Temple relics as follows: Do Temple has an area of ​​31,250m², including 21 large and small project items. The center is the shrine, where the tablets and statues of the Eight Kings of the Ly Dynasty are placed, surrounded by the Bong carousel house, the Ancestor house, the Phuong Dinh house, the palanquin house, the horse house, the Thuy Dinh house... Architecture Do Temple is divided into two areas, inner city and suburban. The interior includes the following works: Hau Palace - Place for thrones and tablets to worship the eight Ly Dynasty kings (Ly Thai To, Ly Thai Tong, Ly Thanh Tong, Ly Than Tong, Ly Anh Tong, Ly Cao Tong and Ly Hue Tong). Chuyen Bong house has an eight-roof architecture with soft curved blades. There are also stele houses, horse houses, palanquin houses,... all of which are elaborately built, covered, and exquisitely carved. The inner city area has an area of ​​4,320m², arranged in the style of "Foreign Internal Affairs" surrounded by a brick wall 3m high, 1m wide (built with brick on both sides, filled with dirt in the middle) with two doors. The inner city is divided into Interior and Exterior. The exterior consists of a square house with eight-roofed match-style architecture and eight soft curved blades. This area has the priest's house, warehouse, guest house and the royal temple (worshiping the queen mothers of the Ly dynasty). Do Temple with unique architecture has artistic value, charming scenery and carries with it a rich historical and cultural value of the Ly Dynasty in particular and the nation's history in general. Do Temple deserves praise. Do Temple's historical and cultural relic has been recognized by the State as a national historical and cultural relic according to Decision No. 154 dated January 25, 1991 of the Ministry of Culture and Information.


Vinh Trang Pagoda

Location: Vinh Trang Pagoda is located on Nguyen Trung Truc street, My Phong commune, about 3km from the center of My Tho city, Tien Giang. Characteristics: Vinh Trang Pagoda is the largest Buddhist temple in Tien Giang province, ranked as a national historical-cultural relic in 1984. The pagoda has a mixed Asian and European architectural appearance.

The ancient Vinh Trang Pagoda was originally just a small hut with a thatched roof and mud walls, built by district governor Bui Cong Dat in the early 19th century for spiritual nourishment after retirement. When he finished, Venerable Hue Dang mobilized his followers to build a great pagoda, following the architectural style of Giac Lam Pagoda in Gia Dinh, but larger with 178 pillars, 2 courtyards, 5 layers of houses and completed in 1849 with the name Vinh Truong, derived from two parallel sentences: "Eternal to mountains and rivers / Eternal to heaven and earth". People in the surrounding area are still used to calling it Vinh Trang Pagoda. In 1907, Venerable Tra Chanh Hau repaired the main hall, mixing both Asian and European architectural features. In 1930, Venerable Minh Dang completely restored the pagoda to its current appearance. The pagoda was built in the form of the Chinese character "Quoc", like the Hoa pagodas, but Vinh Trang pagoda has Renaissance-style patterns, Roman-style arches, French-style ironwork, and ceramic tile floors. Japan. Particularly, Chinese characters are written in the ancient seal script, while the national language is written in the Gothic script. Looking at the outside overview, the pagoda's architecture is a strange but harmonious interference between Asia and Europe. However, the architecture inside the pagoda still bears the bold traditional Vietnamese sculptural architecture. The pagoda consists of four consecutive items (front hall, main hall, ancestral house, back house), with an area of ​​14,000m², 70m long, 20m wide, built of cement and precious wood, 1m high molded foundation, surrounding Build a solid wall around it. The front of the street is built in a harmonious European-Asian architectural style with slender columns, curved arches and colorful patterns. Going inside, we will see a shiny golden color applied to the carved images and Buddha statues. Most notable are the pair of dragon pillars in the main hall, which are large round pillars, made of precious wood, architecturally styled in the style of "upper and lower autumn". Inside the main hall and the ancestral house are made in Chinese style but still retain Vietnamese architectural features. Connecting these two houses is a small space with a rockery in the middle. Standing on the rockery, looking at the back of the main hall, the two sides of the bridge, and the front of the ancestral house, we will see Roman architecture with rows of colorful French-style marble decorated on the roof and on the walls. Columns built of stylish cement. The pagoda also preserves 60 precious statues, crafted from bronze, wood, and terracotta; and all was brilliantly plated with gold; Among them, the most artistically valuable is the set of eighteen Arhat statues located on both sides of the main hall wall, carved from jackfruit wood in the early 20th century, each statue is about 0.8m high, pillow width is 0.58m. This set of statues was carved by Nguyen and his students with unique features of the region, and is the pinnacle of the art of round statues in the Mekong Delta region. Each Arhat rides on the back of a fierce beast, holding a treasure in his hand, symbolizing the senses that Buddhist teachings call the "six senses" (eyes, ears, mouth, nose, body and mind, at the three times). past, present and future). The pagoda has 3 bronze statues (Di Da, 98cm high, Quan Am and The Chi 93cm high) created in the mid-19th century; Seven sets of beautiful gilded blue envelopes carved with images of the Eight Immortals, the Sun God and the Moon God, elaborately carved by local artisans around 1907-1908. In addition, there is also a giant bell named Phap Bao Chuong, 1.2m high, weighing about 150kg, cast in mid-May 1854, with the word "Vinh Truong Tu" engraved on its body. Unfortunately, the bell can no longer be used because it was underwater for a long time during the time it was lost. In the pagoda, there are currently more than 20 very valuable landscape paintings. Although influenced by Chinese paintings, these paintings have bold Vietnamese folk features, printed with "apricot, orchid, chrysanthemum, bamboo" images, and very poetic images of Vietnamese landscapes. It is the work of Long Giang layman sketched in 1904. The horizontal panels and couplets in the pagoda are carved with gilded embossed letters like the words "Golden Treasures" engraved from 1851 to this day and are still quite beautiful. Unlike any other three-entrance temple, the two gates of Vinh Trang pagoda were built in the ancient style and covered with many pieces of porcelain and porcelain with iridescent colors following the theme of "dragon, unicorn, turtle, phoenix". ", "fish, wood, soup, rot", birds, flowers and Buddhist classics, showing the skillful workmanship of talented craftsmen. The pagoda has a structure of five raised roofs, symbolizing the five elements (metal, wood, water, fire, earth) according to Eastern concepts. Around the pagoda are ornamental gardens planted with many types of fragrant flowers and exotic grasses, lakes fragrant with lotus scent and ancient trees providing shade, creating a wonderful harmony between the natural scenery and the architectural space. , making the pagoda more ancient and solemn. Prominent in the middle of the garden is the 24m high Amitabha Buddha statue (pedestal 6m, statue 18m). The white statue depicts the Buddha standing and watching over sentient beings in all realms. The Buddha statue is considered by many locals to be the symbol of the current temple. According to cultural experts, the beauty of the pagoda focuses on visual arts and Vinh Trang pagoda can be seen as a reflection of the art history of Tien Giang. Every day, in addition to Buddhist men and women who come to worship, there are also many tourists who come to visit Vinh Trang Pagoda; Most crowded on full moon days, first lunar days, and religious and secular holidays.


Cai Be floating market

Location: Cai Be floating market is located in Cai Be town, Cai Be district, Tien Giang province, located in the section of Tien Giang river bordering the three provinces of Tien Giang, Vinh Long and Ben Tre. Characteristics: Cai Be Market is the largest wholesale market in the Southwest region. The market takes place on the river, meeting day and night on a large scale. Goods are varied and plentiful.

Cai Be is the district with the largest orchards in Tien Giang province with famous delicious fruits such as oranges, honey oranges, mangoes, guavas, tangerines... Tourists coming to Cai Be are increasingly crowded. Because this town has streets located along the riverbank, sometimes hidden under rows of water coconut trees and cork groves, looking from afar it looks like a watercolor painting. Cai Be has a pure countryside beauty, imbued with a garden quality. Here, gardens follow gardens, rivers follow rivers, and canals intertwine. Means of transport in Cai Be are entirely by waterway. Cai Be market takes place on the river, boats and boats move around like looms. The market opens day and night on a large scale, with boats from far away lands coming here to sell and buy goods. That's why the goods at the market are very rich and diverse, from goods, household appliances to poultry, seafood... even food and drinks are not lacking. The fruit trading area is located in the floating market, along Tan Long island, up to a kilometer long. Boats from Ho Chi Minh City, Long An, An Giang, Can Tho, Ca Mau come to buy goods. Sampan boats are filled with fruits: bright red rambutan, bright yellow mango, fragrant durian, watermelon Fresh green... delivered early in the morning. When dawn had just risen, the floating market was bustling like a floating city on the river. Small boats selling street goods such as rice, pho, noodles, and groceries run along the sides of boats and ships to sell goods. Sitting on the boat, visitors can immediately enjoy a hot bowl of noodles, or a cup of fragrant coffee in the morning... Cai Be floating market is a transit station for fruits and products going to all regions (even to China). National). Prices here are surprisingly cheap. The area selling tubers and fruits runs from Nha Tho intersection to Vam Long Hai gate. This area often has large boats with a tonnage of 5-10 tons from other provinces that carry specialty goods from their province here to sell and then buy goods here to transport back to their province. The area selling rice and bran is located separately at a section of the river. The unique feature of the floating market is that when boats sell something, they hang it on the top of a pole to let buyers know, without having to advertise. When the sun disappears behind the trees in the distance, it is also the time when the "floating city" lights up. At night, the floating market's bright lights look like falling stars. There are boats hanging small lanterns in front of the boat, looking very lively. Coming to Cai Be floating market, visitors will feel many interesting things and discover many new things of the Western river region.


Thoi Son Island

Location: Thoi Son eco-tourism area is located downstream of Tien River, in Chau Thanh district, Tien Giang province. Characteristics: Thoi Son eco-tourism area has an area of ​​about 1,200 hectares and is a concentrated fruit tree growing area. The appeal and charm of Thoi Son lies in the fact that coming to this land means getting away from the hustle and bustle of the streets.

Visitors to Thoi Son, get on the boat and row down the zigzag canals between two rows of dense water coconut palms, between rows of willows along the river that always lean forward to welcome them. If you want to walk along winding stone paths, passing through lush fruit orchards. Guests can sit in the garden houses, drink sweet honey tea and listen to amateur folk music. Thoi Son night is magical with the clear moon, cool wind, and immense water waves. Guests have the opportunity to sit on a boat gliding gently on the river to watch the moon rise, or sit side by side with friends and listen to the smooth, deep voices of village women. The houses of Thoi Son people still retain their ancient and ancient features. The tourist destination of Mr. Tam Cho's house is a typical example of the old house style. His house was built with wooden pillars, each roof has nine poles arranged according to feng shui: Kien - Tru - Man - Binh - Dinh - Accept - Break - Danger - Thanh. Inside the house, the decoration is also in the ancient style with a sparkling mother-of-pearl altar cabinet, exquisitely carved sofas, along with a pair of tureens carved with parallel sentences painted in red and gilded gold... Surrounding the house is a flower garden with ornamental flowers. Many bonsai trees are meticulously planted and pruned. Coming to Thoi Son, visitors can visit a workshop that makes coconut candy by hand, and buy handicrafts and household utensils made from coconut trees. Besides the eco-tourism program, Thoi Son people also introduce guests to culinary culture with dishes: grilled fish, goby hotpot, steamed snakehead fish with gourd, fried giant fish... The amount of tourists Visitors to Thoi Son are increasing, especially foreign tourists. Thoi Son attracts tourists thanks to its increasingly diverse and novel eco-tourism programs and products, and attentive service. Thoi Son is becoming an attraction for tourists coming to Tien Giang.


Dong Tam snake farm

Location: Dong Tam snake farm is far from the city. My Tho is about 9km. Characteristics: It is a center for raising snakes for venom for export, combined with growing medicinal plants and researching snakebite treatment for people in the Mekong Delta.

Formerly Factory 408, Dong Tam Snake Farm is also known as Center for Cultivation, Research and Processing of Medicinal Materials of Military Region 9. Not only is it a place to treat patients bitten by poisonous snakes, Dong Tam snake farm is also a reference point. Unique tour, located in the My Tho - Cu Lao Thoi Son - Dong Tam snake farm tour. Here, visitors can see with their own eyes hundreds of different types of snakes, from gentle snakes (water snakes, dipper snakes, etc.), to venomous snakes (horse tigers, kraits, and apricot snakes). roar,...), rare animals such as pythons, crocodiles, tortoises, foxes, bears... Currently, each year about 30 - 40 thousand international and domestic tourists come to visit this place. To increasingly attract tourists, the Department of Trade and Tourism of Tien Giang province is coordinating with Dong Tam snake farm to invest in upgrading the entire snake farm, planting trees, adding many other rare animals... It is expected that when completed, each year the snake farm will welcome about 10-15 thousand visitors.


Cave temple

Location: Hang Pagoda is located in cluster 3, Chau Thanh town, Chau Thanh district, Tra Vinh province, 5km south of Tra Vinh town center. Characteristics: This is an ancient Khmer temple, located on a 10-hectare plot of land, with many ancient trees and a gathering place for many types of birds.

Hang Pagoda is one of the most beautiful pagodas in Tra Vinh province. From Tra Vinh town, go 5km south, through the Tam Phuong saline sluice gate, visitors will reach Hang Pagoda. The pagoda is also called Mong Ray (Kamponyixprdle), but people here often call it Hang Pagoda because the architecture of the temple gate resembles a Cave. The temple grounds are large, half of the area is natural forest, dense with tall trees, and is a gathering place for many species of birds. The main gate faces the river bank, the side gate has a rolling arch, and the walls are very thick. On both sides of the main gate are two life-sized Yak statues. Yak is an ogre with bulging eyes, long fangs, wearing armor, holding a stick, very cruel but was transformed by Buddha and made him a guard. The role of the pagoda in the village is very important, the pagoda is responsible for moral education and preserving cultural and artistic traditions. Cambodian young men only have to practice at the temple for a few years to be considered adults, a condition to easily find a wife. In the temple grounds there is a very large school for children. In the pagoda there are also about twenty small stilt houses, each house only has enough room for one person, where Cambodian men go to each house and stay for a whole month to pray and purify their souls. The Hang Pagoda yard used to have countless bats. During the Tet Offensive (1968), a bomb fell on the pagoda, 62 people died, 57 were injured, the pagoda was seriously damaged, and the bats flew away in fright. Today, thousands of storks have returned. Every afternoon they perch white on trees. Some days, the pagoda picks up a few dozen baby storks, the monks raise them to make them strong and then release them. Only the bats are completely missing


Ba Om Pond

Location: Ba Om Pond is located in Luong Hoa commune, Chau Thanh district, Tra Vinh province, located along Highway 53, about 7km southwest of Tra Vinh town center. Characteristics: BaOm pond is also called Square pond because it has a fairly standard square shape, each side is about 200m long. The pond water surface is clear and calm.

Ba Om Pond is a famous landscape of Tra Vinh and the Mekong Delta region. Around the pond are high sand mounds shaded by ancient trees such as star and oil; Many trees have roots that protrude from the ground, forming unique shapes. The air around the pond is fresh and cool. Coming here, you will hear thrilling and fascinating legends about Ba Om pond. In 1994, the Ministry of Culture and Information decided to recognize Ba Om pond as a national relic and scenic spot.


Ang Pagoda

Location: The pagoda is 7km from Tra Vinh town center, hidden in the ancient forest of Ba Om pond. The pagoda is located on a 4-hectare land area, in ward 8, Tra Vinh town, Tra Vinh province. Characteristics: Ang pagoda is one of the oldest pagodas in the Khmer pagoda system in Tra Vinh. The pagoda has ancient, unique architecture, harmonious in the natural landscape. Ang Pagoda has been recognized by the Ministry of Culture and Information as a national cultural relic.




Nodol Temple

Location: Nodol Pagoda is located in Giong Lon hamlet, Dai An commune, Tra Cu district, Tra Vinh province, about 40 km south of Tra Vinh town. Characteristics: Also known as Co Pagoda or Giong Lon Pagoda. This is a large ancient pagoda with unique architectural features of Khmer culture in Tra Vinh, including the pagoda gate, main hall, ossuary tower, monk's house, meeting house...

The main hall area with curved roofs in the shape of a dragon's tail, has sharp towers shaped like Xome mountain and familiar images such as Riehu, the four-faced god Mohabrom, the god bird Kayno, Mahaknot... The pagoda is surrounded by bamboo groves, rows of star trees, oil. People often call it Co Pagoda because for more than a hundred years the pagoda grounds (about 3 hectares) have been home to thousands of birds of all kinds such as storks, gongs, pigeons... of which the largest number are birds. The stork family has many types: white stork, ibis, red-headed stork, yellow-headed stork, yellow-billed stork, black-billed stork...


Prince's residence in Bac Lieu

Location: Near the bank of Bac Lieu River, No. 13 Dien Bien Phu, Ward 3, City. Bac Lieu, Bac Lieu province. Characteristics: The house is a place associated with the name of Bac Lieu prince Tran Trinh Huy - the most famous prince in Cochinchina in the early 20th century.

“Bac Lieu Prince” is a popular folk phrase in Southern Vietnam in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to refer to princes and children of wealthy families living in Bac Lieu province during the French colonial period. The most prominent among the princes of Bac Lieu is Tran Trinh Huy (1900-1974), also known as Ba Huy, Council of Three or Black Prince, the most famous playboy in Saigon and the South in the 1930s and 1940s. That's why the title "Prince of Bac Lieu" is almost reserved for him. Bac Lieu Prince's House (also known as the Big House) was built in 1919. Most of the house's construction materials, from cast steel, marble flooring, bricks, decorative iron frames to screws, are all engraved with the letter "P", as evidence of its origin in the magnificent capital Paris. After completion, this was considered the most majestic house in the six provinces of Cochinchina at that time. The 2-storey house stands out by its luxurious white color and splendid, majestic French architecture. The ground floor of the villa has 2 bedrooms, 2 quite large halls and stairs leading upstairs. The upper floor has 3 bedrooms, 2 halls, in which Prince Tran Trinh Huy's room is fully equipped with double bed, TV, telephone, air conditioner, wardrobe, writing desk... Nowadays, the area Bac Lieu prince's house is still preserved intact to serve visitors. As soon as you step into the house, visitors will be fascinated by the meticulous and sophisticated design lines, exuding luxury and magnificence. Yellow lights radiate shimmering light, creating a cozy and elegant feeling. Each pillar of the house is decorated with many beautiful patterns. Part of the house is used as a place to display rare artifacts, including furniture that the prince of Bac Lieu once used, such as tables and chairs inlaid with delicate mother-of-pearl; Kettles and teacups with motifs of flying dragons and dancing phoenixes... The rest of the house was repaired and restored into a system of high-class hotels and restaurants. Coming here, visitors will have the opportunity to relax in luxurious, fully equipped French architectural rooms, enjoy "Dude" hotpot or relax and entertain with the "Sing Together" program organized held at 7:00 p.m. every evening.


Xiem Can Pagoda

Location: Xiem Can Pagoda is located in Hiep Thanh commune, City. Bac Lieu, Bac Lieu province. Characteristics: Xiem Can Pagoda is a Khmer pagoda, with the same architecture as other Khmer pagodas in Tra Vinh and Soc Trang.




Quan De Pagoda

Location: Quan De Pagoda is located along the Bac Lieu River, in Vinh Trach commune, City. Bac Lieu, Bac Lieu province. Characteristics: Quan De Pagoda is a pagoda architecture imbued with Chinese ethnic identity.

The Chinese in Bac Lieu consider Quan De Pagoda as a cultural symbol of their people. The pagoda was built in 1835, by the owner of the Chau Quai salt bowl who mobilized contributions. Inside the pagoda, many large horizontal paintings are still preserved. Some were carved by Chinese artisans from 1865 - 1897. In addition, Quan De Pagoda also has a precious script. The pagoda worships Quan Van Truong during the Three Kingdoms period. In the shrine of Ong Pagoda, there is a majestic statue of Quan Cong wearing armor, flanked by Quan Binh and Chau Xuong. According to the Chinese people in Bac Lieu, they choose to worship Quan Cong because they value trust in doing business. Ong Pagoda is where they come to pray and even make deals with each other in buying and selling. In addition, the pagoda also worships Thien Hau and the God of Wealth. Ong Pagoda is one of the tourist attractions in Bac Lieu city.


Bac Lieu Bird Garden Nature Reserve

Location: The reserve is located in Hiep Thanh commune, Bac Lieu city, Bac Lieu province, 6km south of Bac Lieu city Features: With very high biodiversity, Bac Lieu bird garden has been recognized as a nature reserve in 1986.




Mo Waterfall

Location: Dream Waterfall is located in Na Hang town, Na Hang district, Tuyen Quang province, located in the middle of Na Hang nature reserve, about 100km from Tuyen Quang town. Characteristics: Majestic waterfalls combined with endless mountain and forest scenery await adventurous tourists.




Bong cave shack

Location: Bong village, Tan Trao commune, Son Duong district, Tuyen Quang province Characteristics: This is the place where Uncle Ho stayed the most times and longest during the 9 years of resistance against the French colonialists (1946 - 1954).

Bong Cave is located near the foot of the mountain in the west of Tan Trao commune, about 300m from Pho Day river. The cave is not very large but has a high ceiling and is airy. About 50m in front of the cave, there is a natural well formed from rock crevices. The location of the cave is not too hidden but discreet enough, convenient for living, working and observing from afar. For those reasons, Uncle Ho built a shack at Bong cave and stayed here three times, once for more than a year. The shack is about 20m2 wide, made in the style of a stilt house with one open room, the porch is made of a leaf roof, the back of the shack leans against the cave wall. From here you can clearly see the road into the center of Tan Trao commune, the winding Pho Day river and Bong village fields stretching to Hong Thai communal house. The first time Uncle Ho stayed at Bong cave shack was from October 17, 1949 to September 1, 1950 (a period of more than 10 months). Here, Uncle Ho signed many important decrees, including the General Mobilization Decree, aiming to mobilize all human, material and financial resources for the resistance war against the French colonialists, implementing the slogan "All both for the front line, all for victory." There is also Decree No. 121 (October 20, 1949) determining ranks, insignia, insignia and uniforms for the national army; Decree No. 126 (November 4, 1949) regulated military service. Also from the Bong cave shack, in early January 1950, Uncle Ho secretly went to the Soviet Union at the invitation of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, establishing diplomatic relations between the two countries. On July 27, 1950, Uncle Ho sent a letter reminding the Central Organizing Committee to remember and care for war invalids, families of martyrs, and families with meritorious services to the revolution. On September 1, 1950, Uncle Ho set out to command the Autumn-Winter border campaign. On October 10, 1950, after the Autumn-Winter border campaign ended successfully, Uncle Ho returned to Bong cave shack for the second time and stayed here until February 4, 1951 (nearly 4 months) to continue. direct resistance. This was also the time when Uncle Ho and the Party Central Committee made many important resolutions on internal affairs and the economy. At the end of December 1950, Uncle Ho went to Da Ban village, My Bang commune (Yen Son district) to visit the Lao Resistance Government. Then Uncle Ho went to Kim Binh (Chiem Hoa district) to attend the 2nd National Party Congress (from February 11 to 19, 1951). The third time Uncle Ho returned to Bong cave shack was from February 20, 1951 to December 30, 1952 (a period of 1 year, 10 months, 10 days). From here, on March 3, 1951, Uncle Ho attended and spoke at the opening ceremony of the Viet Minh - Lien Viet Unification Congress and established the Lien Viet Front. On May 6, 1951, Uncle Ho signed Decree No. 15 establishing the Vietnam National Bank. In December 1951, Uncle Ho sent a letter to artists on the occasion of a painting exhibition, affirming the role of art and culture in general and artists in particular in the revolutionary cause. In early September 1952, on the occasion of the 7th anniversary of the August Revolution and National Day of September 2, Uncle Ho called on compatriots and soldiers across the country to fully prepare the conditions to switch to a general counterattack. go to final victory. During the days at Bong Cave, although extremely busy and sometimes facing countless difficulties and illnesses, Uncle Ho still wrote poetry, many of which have followed throughout the history of Vietnamese poetry. Nam such as: "Sail on the Day River", "Happy New Year", "Sixty years old", "Facing the moon", "Remembering the soldiers", "Climbing the mountain", "Untitled"... Relics Bong Cave has a particularly important value in educating patriotic traditions for the young generation, while also serving the process of researching the history of the resistance war, the history of the Party, especially the life of revolutionary activities. of President Ho Chi Minh.


Tan Trao banyan tree

Location: Tan Lap village, Tan Trao commune, Son Duong district, Tuyen Quang province Characteristics: considered a revolutionary symbol of the capital of the liberated zone

Tan Trao banyan tree is the place to witness many important events of the country, especially in the pre-uprising period of August 1945. Under this banyan tree, on the afternoon of August 16, 1945, General Vo Nguyen Giap read the Banyan Tree. Military Order No. 1 and immediately after that, the Liberation Army held a military departure ceremony and set out through Thai Nguyen to liberate the capital Hanoi in the presence of the people of Tan Trao commune and 60 national delegates attending the National Assembly. Congress people. Tan Trao banyan tree previously consisted of two trees growing about 10m apart, people in the area used to call them "grand banyan tree" and "ba banyan tree". Over time and due to the influence of the weather, Tan Trao banyan tree gradually decreased. old, by 2008 there was only a small branch of the "banyan tree" left and a single branch in the northeast of the "banyan tree". Then, from 2008 - 2010, the People's Committee of Tuyen Quang province coordinated with organizations, units and businesses to develop a plan to care for and restore the growth of Tan Trao banyan tree. At the same time, the Vietnam Academy of Forest Sciences successfully extracted 21 out of 26 branches of the tree to preserve genetic resources and partly to create roots right on the trunk. In addition, Tuyen Quang province has implemented a technical investment project to support tree trunks using a concrete foundation reinforcement system, support columns made of D250mm steel pipes, covered with synthetic materials on the outside, linked with tree trunk with steel belt. After many years of care and restoration, the historic Tan Trao banyan tree has gradually grown again. At the scar on the only living branch of the "banyan tree" two clusters of roots have now developed, each root cluster is 80-90cm in diameter, and the canopy area is about 30-40m wide. There is still one small branch. The "banyan tree" has now revived and grown into a new cluster of 4 lush green roots. The revival of the historic Tan Trao banyan tree is extremely important, because it is not only a revolutionary symbol of the capital of the liberated zone but also the pride of every Vietnamese person.


Tan Trao historical relic site

Location: Tan Trao is in Son Duong district, Tuyen Quang province, about 41km northwest of Tuyen Quang town, 200km from Hanoi. Characteristics: Tan Trao was the base of the Vietnamese revolution before the August Revolution.

Tan Trao historical relic area - where President Ho Chi Minh and central agencies lived and worked during the pre-uprising period and the resistance war against the French colonialists, is located in the communes: Tan Trao, Minh Thanh, Trung Yen, Binh Yen, Luong Thien (Son Duong district); Kim Quan, Trung Son, Hung Loi, Trung Minh, Dao Vien, Cong Da, Phu Thinh (Yen Son district). This is also the border area between Thai Nguyen and Bac Kan provinces. The total natural area of ​​the entire area is 561.1km2, with 18 typical relics and relic clusters, which have been ranked as national relics: - where President Ho Chi Minh lived and worked from the end of May to September August 22, 1945, located on the western slope of Na Lua mountain; , about 20m west of Na Lua shack, is the residence of the guards, to ensure Uncle Ho's safety; - place of communication between the Viet Minh Front and Allied troops (in Kunming - China); - the place marking the cooperation between the Viet Minh Front and the Allied Delegation, 20m north of Na Lua shack, erected to serve the Party's National Conference, taking place in 03 days (from the 13th to August 15, 1945). On the afternoon of August 16, 1945, at this location, comrade Vo Nguyen Giap, on behalf of the National Uprising Committee, read Military Order No. 1 and ordered troops to march toward Hanoi. Tan Trao communal house was the place where the National Congress meeting (August 16 and 17, 1945) was held - the congress was compared to the second Dien Hong Conference in our country's history. Hong Thai communal house was Uncle Ho's first stop when returning from Pac Bo to Tan Trao (May 21, 1945). This location is also the headquarters of the Area Safety Protection Board, the supply department and a place to welcome delegates to Party conferences. In March 1945, the Nguyen Hue Sub-Division Party Committee was transferred to Ao Buc village, Trung Yen commune. Here, the Regional Party Committee decided to establish a revolutionary government (March 10, 1945) and established the Provisional Committee of Chau Tu Do - the first revolutionary government in the country (March 16, 1945). . is where President Ho Chi Minh and the Government discussed and decided important issues of the country during this period, in the fields of internal affairs, economics, finance, culture - society... The Party Department and the Party Central Committee (later renamed the Central Organizing Committee) lived and worked here at the end of 1949 and from April 1951 to the end of 1953. In May 1952, the Central Committee for Agricultural Promotion moved to live and work in Ao Rum area, Tan Lap village, Tan Trao commune, Son Duong district. The Party's Propaganda Department (later renamed the Central Propaganda Department) once lived and worked on a hill in Thia village. For more than two years (since 1952), Vietnam News Agency has been stationed in Hoang Lau village, Trung Yen commune, Son Duong district to propagate and encourage the people to eliminate hunger and ignorance and communicate Dien Bien Phu Campaign. In 1948, the Ministry of Home Affairs moved to live and work in Yen Thuong village, Trung Yen commune, Son Duong district and directed the safety protection work for the Party Central Committee, Uncle Ho and the Government. Comrade Ton Duc Thang lived and worked in Chi Lien village, Trung Yen commune, Son Duong district from the end of 1952 to July 1954. During this time, he chaired the Joint Conference between the Standing Committee National Assembly with the Lien Viet Committee (February 1953), National Conference of the Lien Viet Committee (November 1953), Third Session of the First National Assembly (from December 1 to 4, 1953). 1953) and many other important meetings... from mid-1952 to August 1954, the Vietnam General Confederation of Labor lived and worked in Cau village, Minh Thanh commune, Son Duong district. For a short time in early 1947, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs moved to live and work in Han village, Kim Quan commune, Yen Son district. After that, the Ministry moved to Don village, Minh Thanh commune, Son Duong district. In April 1947, the Central Police Department moved from Phu Tho to "Mr. Nha's house", Dong Don village, Minh Thanh commune. This was the first and longest-lasting station of the Central Police Department during the resistance war against the French. The Information Office was located in Moi village, Minh Thanh commune, Son Duong district in 1951. Here, news reports, poems, revolutionary songs... were posted on the radio, honestly reflecting life. live the spirit and war situation of the country and propagate the Party and Government's resistance guidelines to the people. From the end of 1949 to September 1950, the Ministry of Justice lived and worked in Moi village, Minh Thanh commune, Son Duong district. relics of President Ho Chi Minh's living and working shacks and safe bunkers; relics of the Government's safe bunkers; relics of the Party Central Committee's safe bunkers; Central Office relics. In addition, the current relic area is also a place where many unique cultural activities of ethnic minorities take place, where many artifacts related to the revolutionary activities of President Ho Chi Minh are kept. and Central agencies during the pre-uprising period and the resistance war against the French colonialists... With the special historical, cultural and scientific values ​​of the relic site, the Prime Minister decided to Ranked Tan Trao Historical Relic Area (Son Duong district and Yen Son district, Tuyen Quang province) as a special national relic (Decision No. 548/QD-TTg, May 10, 2012).


Ba Be National Park

Location: Ba Be National Park is in Ba Be district, Bac Kan province, about 70km from Bac Kan city and about 250km north of Hanoi city. Characteristics: As an ideal ecotourism destination with amazing scenery and biodiversity, Ba Be National Park was recognized as an ASEAN Heritage Park in 2004.

Ba Be National Park is located in the Gam River arc, embracing the Chay River arch with an area of ​​7,610 hectares, of which 3,226 hectares is a strictly protected area. This is an area rich in biodiversity, with many characteristics of typical ecosystems of evergreen forests on limestone mountains and mountain lakes, and lowland evergreen forests. The fauna here is also very rich, diverse in quantity and type with 81 species of mammals, 27 species of reptiles, 17 species of amphibians, 322 species of birds, 106 species of fish, 553 species of insects and spiders including 66 rare and endemic species are in the World and Vietnam Red Books such as phoenix, pheasant, snub-nosed monkey... In addition to Ba Be Lake, Ba Be National Park also has many unique and majestic landscapes. other places such as Puong cave, Dau Dang waterfall, Tien pond and Room waterfall, deserve not only to be a leading biodiversity center but also a famous landscape of Vietnam. The center of the garden is Ba Be lake with more than 500 hectares of water surface area. The lake is home to many endemic freshwater fish species with 106 species and is also an important freshwater source for residents living around this area. In 1995, Ba Be Lake was recognized by the "World Freshwater Lakes" conference as one of the world's 20 special freshwater lakes that need to be protected. Ba Be National Park has 1,281 plant species belonging to 162 families and 672 genera, including 25 plant species listed in the Red Book of the World Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and many rare plant species named in the Vietnam Red Book such as: grind, nail, ironwood, bamboo... in which bamboo is an endemic species of bamboo that often grows on cliffs. Their bodies drop down to create curtains around the lake. This is also the area considered by domestic and foreign scientists to be the center of highest diversity and endemism of orchids not only in Vietnam but also in the entire Southeast Asia region with 182 species.


Puong Cave

Location: Puong Cave is located on the Nang River in Ba Be district, Bac Kan province, 5km from Cho Ra town. Characteristics: Puong Cave is a special, unique and very attractive eco-tourism destination.

The Nang River flows at the foot of the limestone mountain, between the steep cliffs through Lung Nham mountain, a place called Puong cave. The small boat passing through Puong cave flickers in the dim light, strangely shaped stalactites appear in front of the cave entrance. In the cave there are hundreds of thousands of bats living and residing.


Dau Dang Waterfall

Location: Dau Dang Waterfall is 16km from Cho Ra town (Ba Be district, Bac Kan province). Characteristics: The waterfall is 2km long, blending with the primeval forest landscape, creating an unforgettable impression.




Cu Lao An Binh and Binh Hoa Phuoc

Location: Cu Lao An Binh and Binh Hoa Phuoc are floating in the middle of Tien River, opposite Vinh Long town, Cu Lao includes four communes: An Binh, Binh Hoa Phuoc, Hoa Ninh and Dong Phu, in Long Ho district, Vinh province Long. Characteristics: Cu Lao is about 60km2 wide, fertile and rich land, fresh water all year round, residents grow many fruit trees such as: rambutan, mango, longan, durian, sapoche...

Tourist attractions on this island are: Mr. Sau Giao's in Binh Thuan hamlet, Hoa Ninh commune with hundreds of ornamental plants: yellow apricot, water-marinated apricot, jasmine... surrounding the house are longan gardens and fish ponds. giant catfish, delicious meat fish. : wooden stilt house on Ninh Hoa canal, behind the house is a garden of longan, grapefruit, and sapoke. The house was chosen as a place to serve tourists for lunch and overnight stays in the program "Going green in the Mekong Delta" of the Mekong Tourism Company. Built according to French architecture, it has a large yard and a rambutan and longan garden behind it. This is a place to have lunch and stay overnight for tourists. Other specialties: Mr. Chin Hoan's rambutan garden, Mr. Chin Can's rambutan garden, Mr. Tam Ho's longan garden, and countless other fruit gardens on My Hoa island, Binh Minh district, 30km from Vinh Long, specializing in growing grapefruit in Roi, a famous delicious grapefruit of the Mekong Delta.


Vinh Nghiem Pagoda

Location: Located in Quoc Khanh village, Tri Yen commune, Yen Dung district, Bac Giang province. Characteristics: Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is one of the most important relics of Vietnamese Buddhism in general and of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect in particular. This is considered the first Buddhist University in Vietnam.

Vinh Nghiem Pagoda (also known as Chuc Thanh Pagoda, La Pagoda, Ong La Pagoda, Duc La Pagoda) has a beautiful natural landscape with a unique culinary landscape, and is recognized by bibliographies and ancient documents as a famous landmark. Lan ancient temple is at the top of the world. In the stele erected on September 4, 1606, recording the restoration of Vinh Nghiem, the pagoda's landscape is described as follows: "Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is a scenic spot. In front of the right side, there are Xuong Giang and Duc Giang, branching into the vast, meandering Six-head River, carrying a boat of compassion to save sentient beings. Behind the right side there are Phuong Son, Lang Son, Hinh Son, Qua Son, rolling and winding with many layers, comparable to the scene of Buddha Bo Da. In the pagoda, the golden Buddha form resides in the middle, sitting on a lotus throne. The jade lady above offers heavenly tea, the scenery here is truly magical." The pagoda overlooks the Phuong Nhan junction - the confluence of two rivers, Thuong River and Luc Nam River, Cam Ly region - the gateway to Yen Tu Mountain. Across the river is Tran Hung Dao's royal palace, Kiep Bac Temple. Holding an important spiritual geographical position, for many decades this place has become an ideal stopping place for tourists before crossing the river to climb mountains to the capital of the holy land of Yen Tu. . People still recite the song: The pagoda was built in the 11th century under the reign of King Ly Thai To (1010-1028) and is called Chuc Thanh Pagoda (Chuc Thanh Zen Pagoda). According to the tower stele recorded, in the year Thuan Thien Nguyen Nien (1010), King Ly Thai To appointed two court officials, Nguyen Dao Thanh and Pham Hat, to design projects and take care of the construction of 8 pagodas, including Vinh Nghiem Pagoda. Nowadays. The pagoda was completed in 1016, the first abbot was Zen Master Van Hanh, followed by Dao An, Minh Tam, Bao Tanh and Hue Quang. In the 13th century, Buddha Emperor Tran Nhan Tong had it repaired, restored, embellished, and renamed Vinh Nghiem Pagoda (Vinh Nghiem Tu) with the hope that the pagoda would forever last and be forever dignified. Vinh Nghiem Pagoda has long been recognized and honored by our people as one of the Buddhist propagation centers of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect of the Tran dynasty, imbued with national identity, and is the place to organize and establish the model. Unified Buddhism is based on the unification of previous Zen sects and is also the model of the Buddhist Church for later Church organizations. According to historical records, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is a place where a large number of monks and nuns participated in the summer retreat and a large number of Buddhists came to listen to the Mahayana Dharma. Therefore, the pagoda was built on a large plot of land, and the architectural planning had to ensure the daily life of the people. If during the Ly Dynasty, few people knew about the pagoda, then during the Tran Dynasty, since Tran Nhan Tong officially founded the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect and advocated bringing Buddhism to life, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda functioned as the center. The Zen sect's propaganda has had a wide influence not only in the Zen world but also in many circles, many fields, and many different areas of social life. All three Patriarchs (Tran Nhan Tong, Phap Loa, Huyen Quang) took Vinh Nghiem Pagoda as the center for spreading Buddhism of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect, which after the Tran dynasty continued to develop according to the flow of history. History of Vietnamese Buddhism. For nearly 800 years, the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect has gone through many events, associated with the ups and downs of Vietnamese history, but is still maintained and developed. From the Vinh Nghiem Buddhist center, the ideology of this Zen sect spread throughout the country and to the region and the world. Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is the most important relic of Vietnamese Buddhism in general, of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect in particular, considered the first Buddhist University of Vietnam and also considered the ancestral place of Vinh Nghiem. , considered by researchers as the “Museum of Mahayana Buddhist Culture”. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was a major printing and publishing center of Vietnamese Buddhism. The woodblock (engraved board) warehouse still kept today (engraved here), still retains 34 books with nearly 3,000 engravings, each copy has two sides, each side has 2 pages (negatives), about 2,000 books. Nom and Chinese characters. This is the only set of original woodblocks of the Truc Lam Buddhist sect currently preserved at Vinh Nghiem pagoda to spread the core ideas of Buddhism to hundreds of pagodas with millions of monks and nuns. Buddhists of the past. With unique scientific and historical values, the Woodblocks of Vinh Nghiem Pagoda were honored by UNESCO as a documentary heritage in the Asia-Pacific region in 2012. Over nearly a millennium with many duplicates. The current architectural work of Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is the product of the Le Trung Hung and Nguyen dynasties. To meet the country's needs for worshiping Buddha and training monks, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda was built on a large scale. The architectural clusters are arranged in a rectangular space, spread along a vertical axis and in order from the South to the North into five main architectural complexes: Tam Quan, Tam Bao, First Ancestor House, Bell tower, Second Ancestral House. Three gates: The three gates of Vinh Nghiem Pagoda are a wooden architectural work built in the overlapping style, including 01 compartment, 02 wings with 02 floors and 08 curved roofs. The roof is built with bricks covered with mortar, the middle is built in the shape of two dragons flanking the moon, the strip is built with bricks plastered with mortar, the bend is shaped like Nghe Chau, the gully is built with bricks covered with mortar connecting the curved ends; The three doors symbolize the three elements of Falsehood - Emptiness - Emptiness of Buddhism, three things that Zen practitioners must master. Passing through this Three Entrances means that you have entered the meditation scene, and you will definitely receive Buddha's salvation to make your heart calm and peaceful. This architectural building was restored in 1993-1994. : Is a complex of three Buddhist worship works according to the Mahayana sect - a sect characterized by worshiping many Buddhas, Bodhisattvas and practitioners, in which, worshiping Bodhisattva statues is a typical feature of the Mahayana sect. With wooden architectural structures including Tien Duong, Thieu Huong and Thuong Dien, these three works form a block, the layout is in the style of the letter "cong" with spacious design, 7-way walkway, leaf blade, 4-way roof. knife, 8 bets, the style of husband and wife, three to three, four to four. The outermost building is the Tien Duong building with 5 compartments and 2 wings; The structure of the rafters is in the form of lines, front and back, and elaborately carved gong prices. Connecting the entire Front Street with the Upper Palace is the Thieu Huong Court with 3 compartments; The truss structure is in a striped pattern. The innermost Upper Palace consists of 3 compartments, also made in a striped pattern, not carved but smooth and firmly sharpened. The Three Jewels Palace holds three treasures of the Zen temple: the Buddha treasure, the Dharma treasure and the Sangha treasure. Buddha said here the statues are kept in noble thrones, worshiped, and burned with incense all year round. Dharma treasures are scriptures that discuss Buddhist affairs. Monks are monks who practice and focus on Buddhist affairs, and are a bridge between Buddha and sentient beings. All three of these things are preserved and preserved by the people with the spirit of only making them more beautiful and better, not taking them away. Everyone keeps in mind that what belongs to the Buddha is one for ten, so if someone accidentally takes it away, they will be tormented and bring it back to make a restitution ceremony, repenting for the rest of their lives. A very special thing to note at the Tam Bao temple is that the rammed earth foundation has been preserved for quite a long time, which is not the case in any ancient Vietnamese pagoda. In Buddhist circles, rammed earth has the meaning of being a material that creates harmony between yin and yang. Entering the Tam Bao Palace, everyone will feel that this place has fresh, cool air that makes the heart more pure. The systematic arrangement of Buddha statues, horizontal panels, couplets, and worship objects has made this place truly solemn, true to the Zen and Buddha scene. Tourists from all over come here to respectfully bow down and light a stick of incense to make offerings to the Buddhas to show their sincerity, and vow to use their own little strength and resources to contribute to building Buddha and Zen scenes. more beautiful days. : This is the place to worship the three patriarchs of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect, the King - Buddha Tran Nhan Tong, Zen Master Phap Loa and Zen Master Huyen Quang. The floor plan is arranged in the style of the word "cong" with typical architectural features of the Le Trung Hung period (XVIII century), including 3 compartments with 2 wings for the Front Street, 2 compartments with 2 wings for the Front Palace, 2 compartments with 2 wings for the Hau Palace, and a layer of funny nose tiles. according to the 4-roof structure; Although the floor area is not large, it is quite majestic and dignified. The First Ancestor's House is made with wooden roof structures in the style of gong stands and single pillars. There are not many intricately carved patterns, but are mostly smooth, sharp, and knotted. Because of this First Patriarch's building, Vinh Nghiem Pagoda has become an ancient pagoda with the richest architecture of Vietnamese and Buddhist identities that no other ancient pagoda in the Northern region has. In Bac Giang, large-scale pagodas often build ancestral houses behind the Tam Bao temple. But this ancestral house of the pagoda only has a statue worshiping the first ancestor of that pagoda, or the pagoda only has a statue of Bodhidharma to worship, not a statue of the Three Patriarchs of Truc Lam. This is the difference that only exists at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda, not like other pagodas in Bac Giang province in particular and the Northeast region in general. : It is a two-storey structure behind the first Patriarch's house, with "upper autumn, lower summer" architecture in the style of the Nguyen Dynasty (19th century). The upper floor has a wooden floor, in the middle hangs a large bell cast in the 11th year of Minh Mang (1830), where monks invite the bell to propagate Buddhism to the ten directions. This is a beautiful architectural work with angular stripes and a harmonious combination of wood and brick materials. : Located behind the bell tower, the floor plan is in the style of "two", including 11 Bai Duong rooms running parallel to 3 back rooms, connected by a gutter which is the flow of the roof behind the Bai Duong building with Drops flow from the roof in front of the harem. This is a construction of the Le - Nguyen dynasties, where statues, tablets or images worshiping the successors of the three founding fathers of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect are placed. : Along both sides of the buildings mentioned above are two corridors, this is also a place for visitors to the temple to sit and rest. Here, there are no Arhat statues like other pagodas, which is also a difference from ancient Vietnamese pagodas in Bac Giang. It can be seen that Vinh Nghiem Pagoda has a strong Buddhist-Vietnamese cultural identity in that it has reserved two ancestral temples of the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect without worshiping Bodhidharma. Or, according to the architectural layout of the pagoda, it can be understood that the ancient ancestors followed Buddhism but still valued Indian Buddhism and the Mahayana sect introduced into our country. That is shown in the Tien Duong - Three Jewels building built in the first house, facing the large space ahead. Thus, at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda, architectural styles of the 18th and 19th centuries exist side by side, which not only brings about the diversity of the project but also serves as a good example for comparative research on architectural periods. Vietnamese traditional. The system of Buddha statues at Vinh Nghiem pagoda is relatively complete in form, position, hierarchy, function,... and are all beautiful sculptures in the treasure trove of Buddha statues in Vietnam. Round statue sculpture at Vinh Nghiem Pagoda occupies a special position in terms of typical artistic value of the Nguyen Dynasty. The system of Buddha statues is very large in number, rich in shape, proportion, and diverse in expression. The sculptural art is standard in terms of proportions depicting the feet according to the conventional style of Buddha statues. The greatest architectural value of Vinh Nghiem Pagoda is in the spatial landscape with a beautiful feng shui location and in the seamless connection of construction items, creating a magnificent hundred-room pagoda-like floor plan. affirming its role as a Buddhist center belonging to the Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen sect.


Bo Da Pagoda

Location: Bo Da Pagoda is located north of the foot of Phuong Hoang Mountain in Thuong Lat village, Tien Son commune, Viet Yen district, Bac Giang province. Characteristics: Bo Da Pagoda is one of the Buddhist centers of the Truc Lam Tam To sect.

Dating back to the Ly Dynasty - 11th century and rebuilt in the early 18th century, Bo Da Pagoda is a collection of relics including the main pagoda (Tu An Tu) and two temples worshiping Duc Thanh Hoa and Thach Tuong Dai Vuong. The sutra set is arranged on 8 shelves, each shelf has 4 sutra books consisting of 240 wooden planks, totaling nearly 2,000 panels. Each wooden board used to carve sutras is on average 50cm long, 25cm wide and about 2.5cm thick. If you want to see all the ancient scriptures here, you must have a 250m² area of ​​land to spread out the scriptures. The sutra was carved on thi wood, a type of tree that grows commonly in this mountainous area. Thi wood is not only durable but also very light, this is also a convenient feature for carving and transporting sutras. The sutra was formed from the ideas of the patriarchs, who were also the builders. The temple wanted to have a set of sutras to teach Buddhism, and at the same time a special Buddhist relic to leave behind for future generations. The sutra carries the ideas of the two largest Buddhist lineages in ancient Asia, India and China. Bo Da Pagoda is very beautiful and secluded, surrounded by earth walls, in the distance are surrounded by mountains and rivers. Many people still call Bo Da an earth pagoda because the space inside the pagoda is filled with the brown color of the earth, from the water tank, walls, old mossy bricks... Coming here, visitors will admire the statue worshiping Truc Lam Tam To. (including Tran Nhan Tong, Phap Loa and Huyen Quang). In particular, the pagoda also preserves the oldest set of Buddhist scriptures in Vietnam carved on wood. In particular, this wooden sutra refers to the characteristics of Chinese Buddhism when it was transmitted to Vietnam with three sects (Zen Buddhism, Pure Land Buddhism and Tantric Buddhism). The focus of the sutra is on human suffering and liberation. The most typical of which is the Four Noble Truths - the 4 magical truths of Buddhism - including: the Truth of Suffering, the Truth of Humanity, the Truth of Cessation and the Truth of the Path. After nearly 300 years, the current sutra is still quite intact. In particular, the wooden panels used to engrave sutras are very durable, beautiful, termite-proof, even though no preservatives are used. The sutra is embossed in Chinese characters, the handwriting is exquisite, and is still very sharp and clear to this day. The uniqueness of this special sutra has attracted thousands of visitors from all over to visit and worship here every year. The sutra also talks about nirvana, the cycles of reincarnation and reincarnation of a human life, explaining this. which is the practice of cultivating virtue, the realm of the unconditioned... The sutra also represents the ideas of Vietnamese Buddhism, especially the influence of the Truc Lam Tam To sect of Zen Buddhism.


Suoi Mo tourist area

Location: Suoi Mo tourist area is located in Nghia Phuong commune, Luc Nam district, Bac Giang province, 30km from Bac Giang city along national highway 31 and provincial road 293 to the northeast. Characteristics: Coming to Suoi Mo tourist area, visitors will feel the sacredness and mystery of the temples mixed with charming scenery and fresh, cool air.

Suoi Mo has long become one of the attractive tourist destinations for tourists. Coming here, visitors can not only admire the gurgling streams but also explore the amazing natural scenery surrounded by endless mountain ranges. On the mountainside, the thatched roofs are built very simply but are an interesting stop. Here, visitors will be able to drink sips of fragrant watermelon water, enjoy the specialty fruits here such as jackfruit, lychee, watermelon..., and especially see everything from above, covering the whole area. The mountains and forests of Mo stream. Crossing all the mountain ranges, following in your footsteps will be very clear and cool streams that will make you forget the intense heat of hot summer days. Some parts of the stream are like white silk strips spread over rocks, others are like a herd of shiny black water buffalos sleeping and bathing... Then suddenly the cliffs stand up, causing a roaring waterfall to release a curtain of water vapor sparkling with seven rainbow colors. Going higher and higher, visitors will encounter the "God's Waterfall", also known as "Thump Thum" waterfall because the sound of water pouring down from a height of hundreds of meters is majestic and overwhelming, like the roar of thunder and the sound of war drums. Ten thousand years of endlessly echoing in the valley. In addition to Suoi Mo temple, there is also a temple worshiping Hung Dao Vuong Tran Quoc Tuan (who had the merit of leading our army and people to stop the advance of the Mongol invaders from Chi Lang Pass). return), Hon Egg Pagoda, Ho Bac Pagoda, Xoan communal house... If the hot sun of the road to Mo stream makes visitors feel tired, the airy air of the mountains and forests as soon as they arrive here will bring gives you a feeling of relaxation and comfort. Following the winding road leading to the stream, visitors can admire a majestic mountain range with trees such as pine, cypress, and pine planted alternately. The road to Mo stream is paved with smooth concrete, creating very easy steps. Parallel to this road, another path is created by many cliffs, very suitable for adventurous tourists. Right now, come to Suoi Mo tourist area to immerse yourself in the majestic natural scenery and the magical incense smoke of the temple, to find yourself gently dusted off, serene... In addition to enjoying With the scenery bestowed by nature, when visiting Suoi Mo tourist area, visitors will feel like they are lost in a fairyland with temples and pagodas located quietly on mountain peaks. Suoi Mo Temple includes Ha, Trung, and Thuong temples, located along Mo Stream, all worshiping the Holy Mother Thuong Ngan - Princess Que Mi Nuong, daughter of the 16th Hung King.


Khuon Than tourist area

Location: From Bac Giang, go up the Northeast 40km (Chu street) then turn left 10km to reach Khuon Than tourist area in Luc Ngan district, Bac Giang province. Characteristics: Khuon Than Lake area is 240 hectares wide, surrounded by green mountains, mainly pine trees.




Tho Ha Communal House

Location: Tho Ha village, Van Ha commune, Viet Yen district, Bac Giang province. Characteristics: Temple worshiping the village's Tutelary God, Thai Thuong Lao Quan.

Legend has it that the Thai Thuong old man had the surname Ly and the name Dam, and was a Northerner who lived during the reign of King An Duong Vuong. Because of his merit in killing the Xich Quy enemy and opening a school in Tho Ha village, the feudal dynasties ordained him as Superior God and Thai Thuong Thanh Hoang, and at the same time allowed the villagers to set up temples to worship. The main house is 27m long, 16m wide, including 5 rooms and 2 wings. The main load-bearing component of the house is 48 columns, including 8 main columns, 16 military columns and 24 porch columns. The horizontal links of the three middle compartments are the roof and armpit sets (because the roof is made in the style of a gong stand, because the armpits are made in the style of overlapping beams), the remaining two rooms are two sets of mezzanine beams and the two wings are sets of beams in the style of rafters. husband and wife. Along the house there are three rows of double beams: upper beam, middle beam, and lower beam. Between the rows of beams are carried wind boards. The roof is covered with funny-nosed tiles with four corners of the roof curved in the shape of a knife's head and has statues of dragons, phoenixes, Nghe... made of terracotta. The roof frame is also delicately carved with many vivid scenes. The floor is paved with green stone. The hammock doors are gilded and carved with elaborate patterns. The Tien Sacrifice House has 3 rooms and 2 wings, the roof is covered with funny-nosed tiles, the roof and the edge are decorated with lemon flower shapes. The house frame is structured by 4 rows of small columns. In the middle space, the roof is made in the style of a gong stand, the armpits are made in the style of those sitting below, and those with traps come out to support the eaves. The remaining two rooms, because the roof is made in the style of stacking beams. In the two wings, the armpits are also made in the style of stacking beams. The communal house was built in 1686, in the shape of the letter Cong, on an area of ​​3,000m². In front of the communal house is the poetic Cau River; Surrounded by ancient trees with luxuriant branches and leaves. After many renovations, the current architecture of the communal house includes the Ancestor House, the Great Pavilion and the Harem. The harem consists of 3 rooms, made in the style of "gable walls", the two gables are covered with tiger symbols; The strip is made in the style of "long communal house". This is a late-dating architectural style, popular at the end of the 19th century. On January 13, 1964, Tho Ha communal house was decided by the Ministry of Culture and Information, now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. recognized as a national architectural and artistic relic. In addition to the unique architectural features representing the art of sculpture from the 16th to the 18th century, Tho Ha communal house currently also preserves a number of couplets painted in red and gilded, many Steles, typical of which are the stele "Water-created communal house and temple bi" which talks about the construction of the communal house; "Cung Sao Hoang Hoang" talks about the legend of the Elder King and "Biasao ordains" which copies the ordinations and ordinations of feudal dynasties given to them. Village tutelary god.


Khe Ro primeval forest

Location: An Lac commune, Son Dong district, Bac Giang province. Characteristics: Khe Ro is a typical primeval forest of the Northeast region of Vietnam with many rich and diverse species of animals and plants.

From Bac Giang city, follow Highway 31 about 80km, to An Chau town of Son Dong district and then follow the forest road about 20km, visitors will reach Khe Ro primeval forest. Due to the high mountainous terrain, the Khe Ro forest area has a fresh and cool climate. In summer, the average temperature is only about 24 - 28 C; In winter, the forest seems to wear a warm coat from the intertwining of dense forest trees. Khe Ro primeval forest area is home to many ethnic communities such as Tay, Dao, Hoa, Kinh... Each ethnic group has unique customs and practices that create a distinct culture. Coming here, in addition to discovering the cultural identities of ethnic groups, visitors also have the opportunity to enjoy local specialties, especially red-eyed drift fish and stream snails. People here call these specialties "sea cucumbers of the forest". Coming to Khe Ro primeval forest, visitors will admire the majestic natural landscape with successive mountain ranges. In the ravine, there are many underground water streams flowing to form streams, including two large streams: Vang stream and Khe Din. The reason it is called Golden Spring is because the water in this stream is golden all year round like honey; Meanwhile, Khe Din stream flows long, forming high waterfalls. Where the waterfall falls, it creates clear pools of water that can be seen through to the bottom, suitable for swimming or bathing. Through a few small streams, along the mountainside deep into the forest, visitors will be surprised by a colorful natural picture created by dense, luxuriant old forests. With an area of ​​7,153 hectares Of which 5,092 hectares are natural forests, Khe Ro primeval forest has a rich and diverse flora and fauna with 236 species of plants and timber trees; 255 species of precious medicinal herbs; 73 bird species; 18 species of reptiles; 37 species of animals, including 7 species of rare animals listed in Vietnam's Red Book, especially the badger dog species, which in the world is now almost extinct... Khe Ro primeval forest is full of species. Favorable factors for developing various types of tourism such as eco-tourism, adventure tourism, research tourism, resort tourism... This place is also one of the highlights of Bac Giang tourism, attracts many tourists to visit and learn.


Ho Dai Lai

Location: Dai Lai Lake is located in Ngoc Thanh and Cao Minh communes of Phuc Yen town, Vinh Phuc province, 50 km north of Hanoi capital. Characteristics: Dai Lai is an artificial lake, an attractive tourist resort.

From Hanoi, follow Highway 2 to Phuc Yen town, then turn right about 12km, visitors will come to Dai Lai Lake tourist area. Dai Lai Lake is an attractive tourist resort destination for tourists. Dai Lai Lake is a 525 hectare lake. North of the lake is the rolling Tam Dao mountain range, far away are immense green forests, interspersed with natural valleys, bowl-shaped hillsides and protruding canyons, creating deserted waists and peninsulas. profile. The harmonious combination between lake and mountain creates a spacious space and a poetic and charming landscape for the entire tourist area. During the rainy season, rivers and streams in the southern basin of Tam Dao mountain range with Vuc Tuyen river, Ton river, Ba Ha river, Dong Cau stream, Dong Chao stream... all pour water into the lake, causing the water level to rise. of the lake can be up to 21m high. The bowl-shaped hillocks close to the mountainside are strung together by solid earthen dams, creating a solid wall to retain water for the lake. Coming to Dai Lai Lake tourist area in winter or summer, visitors can also enjoy the temperate and cool climate. Because the cold north wind is shielded by the Tam Dao mountain range, the average temperature of Dai Lai tourist area in summer is only 28.9 C, in winter 16.8 C. This temperature creates favorable conditions. for visitors to have relaxing and comfortable weekends. After bathing in the lake and admiring the scenery around Dai Lai Lake, visitors follow the asphalt roads to the bat cave and the towering pine forest swaying in the wind. The interesting thing is that right in the middle of the vast lake, there is a 4.8 hectare bird island with luxuriant trees. In winter, hundreds of bird species from everywhere gather here to form a rich and lively natural picture. Bird Island really attracts tourists because of its natural features imbued with the colors of life. Here, the owner of this tourist area has cleverly arranged wooden seats, peacocks with flowers, artificial lakes, stone statues... In recent years, on bird island there have been many flocks of precious birds flying. Regarding gathering, that is a sign that further confirms the purity of the ecological environment here. Through bird island, visitors can enjoy many delicious rustic dishes such as hill chicken, bamboo-tube rice, grilled fish... Coming to Dai Lai lake tourist area, visitors can also link tours with some neighboring tourist destinations. near. Tourists can organize a trip to the north, go through the forest through Nhe pass to Thai Nguyen or turn to Mo Qua mountain to try climbing the steep cliffs reaching the clouds. Looking down from above, you can see Xa Huong Lake, Lang Ham Lake, Gia Khau Lake... in the middle of the green forest, next to it are traces of the ancient castle and citadel of Nguyen Danh Phuong District - the person who once built the river. Painted in a separate realm, for ten years they fought against the court of King Le and Lord Trinh. In order for Dai Lai Lake to become an increasingly attractive destination for tourists, a number of large-scale projects have been added and are being built here. It is expected that three-star and four-star hotels will be built here; Besides, there are romantic villas, attracting artists and writers to come here to attend creative camps. In addition, there will also be an 18-hole golf course with a modern horse racing track, large dance halls, and restaurants selling souvenirs to serve visitors.


Dinh Lo Hanh

Location: Dong Lo commune, Hiep Hoa district, Bac Giang province. Characteristics: One of the ancient communal houses of the Kinh Bac area with the name "First Kinh Bac".

Lo Hanh communal house is the common communal house of 5 villages: Cham, Chung, Khoat, Chua and Hanh, so it is also called Ca communal house. The communal house was built in the 11th year of Sung Khang (1576), worshiping Cao Son Dai Vuong and Phuong Dung Tien Chua - two gods who had meritorious services to the country and people during the time of King Hung. Lo Hanh Communal House has unique cultural value with sophisticated and unique carvings of dragons, phoenixes, deer, flowers, and scenes of human activities. Currently, the communal house still preserves many precious relics such as: two lacquer paintings of "The Eight Immortals" in the middle space in front of the harem door, a pair of 17th-century lacquered and gilded wooden chairs, a statue of Phuong Dung Tien Chua and a Cao Son tablet. Dai Vuong..., especially the carving of a fairy playing a lute - a testament to the birth and early development of Ca tru in our country. Initially, Lo Hanh communal house only had a large pavilion shaped like the word "Nhat". ”. Through many renovations in 1694, 1850 and 1910, the communal house was built with a harem and two rows of left vu and right vu. The foundation of the great communal house is 23.5m long, 12.3m wide, the height from the roof beam down is 6.6m, from the roof edge down is 2.1m; includes 5 compartments, 2 wings with 8 trusses, 4 main rows of columns and 2 rows of porch columns supporting under traps. The rafters have different structures, the middle rafters are made in the style of "stacking beams and gong racks", the side rafters are made in the "passing gong rack" style. On December 24, 1982, Lo Hanh Communal House was ranked a National Historical-Cultural Monument by the Ministry of Culture (now the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism).


Tay Thien scenic area

Location: Dai Dinh commune, Tam Dao district, Vinh Phuc province Characteristics: It is a tourist area with biodiversity and rich flora. Tay Thien is also a famous spiritual tourism destination in Vinh Phuc province.

Tay Thien scenic spot is about more than 70km from Hanoi, more than 1 hour by car. This scenic area has become widely known and has emerged as a tourist destination attracting a large number of visitors to Vinh Phuc. With an area of ​​about 148 hectares, located on the slopes of Thach Ban mountain in the Tam Dao range, Tay Thien scenic area has a biodiversity area. According to research by scientists, the Tay Thien flora system has 130 families, 344 genera and 490 species, some species have significant scientific and economic value such as: po mu, arhat, sam pong. Tay Thien forest has pine trees that are thousands of years old. Tay Thien's fauna is also quite rich, with 4 classes, 26 orders, 86 families and 281 species, including rare animals such as golden turtles, white pheasants, white-cheeked langurs, snub-nosed langurs, and fish. Tam Dao toad. The biological diversity along with the system of temples and pagodas with cultural and archaeological value make Tay Thien attractive to tourists and many researchers. Since the 18th century, Tay Thien has been a scenic area and was described by Le Quy Don in "Kien Van Tieu Luc": "...beneath the water is like indigo, so deep that you can't see the bottom; on the mountainside there is Tay Thien Pagoda Ancient Pagoda, green bamboo, good pine trees, elegant and spacious scenery, on the top of the high mountain there is Dong Co Pagoda, it takes two days to go up and down, from the left side of Giai Oan ravine to climb up the mountain to the lotus pond and water. Blue, in the lake there are strange rocks and red lotuses, flowers blooming in all four seasons. On both sides of the lake, streams flow from the mountainside, on the left is Silver stream, originating from the rock crevice at the top of the mountain, flowing down like silk. ; on the right is the Golden Stream." Tay Thien Temple worships National Mother Tay Thien Nang Thi Tieu. Legend has it that she was born from the gathering of the spiritual energy of the high mountains and deep forests of Tam Dao region. She is a beautiful, talented person. Talented in strategy, she helped King Hung Due Vuong fight the enemy to defend the country of Van Lang. When the enemy was defeated, she refused the titles and fortunes the King left behind and retreated to the mountains and forests of Tay Thien. There are also books that say she was attracted to beauty and Because of her talent, Prince Lang Lieu married her and the legendary banh chung and banh day were born thanks to her great efforts. When she died, the people honored her as National Mother Tay Thien and built many temples. There is an interesting detail that people in the area, due to the taboo of the name Ba, often avoid saying "spend money" and instead say "mix money". In addition to the relics worshiping the National Mother Tay Thien, this scenic area also has many Buddhist temples such as Phu Nghi, Thien An, Dong Co pagodas... Some relics such as bronze statues and opening bells that are more than 1,000 years old still remain. preserved to this day. Tourists coming to Tay Thien every year are very crowded and include all types and ages. From young children accompanying their parents to old people "climbing with sticks" and the largest number are still young tourists, students and pupils. Each person has an appearance, a wish, a desire. But regardless of the purpose, circumstances or conditions, they still perform rituals, offer fragrant incense sticks to pray for what they desire with a sincere heart before the Buddha and Mother Goddess Tay Thien. Every old person hopes to go to Prajna Stream, Giai Oan Stream, Silver Waterfall, Golden River and burn incense in Nirvana (Upper Temple). Regardless of the subject, the Tay Thien landscape is like a "fairyland" place, in the middle of the vastness, dissipating the fatigue, busyness, and calculations of everyday life. In 1991, Tay Thien Scenic Area was ranked as a National Monument


Tam Dao tourist area

Location: Tam Dao tourist area is located in Tam Dao town, Tam Dao district, Vinh Phuc province, 86km from Hanoi. Characteristics: The climate here is very unique, four seasons a day; poetic and majestic scenery. The most beautiful tourist season of the year in Tam Dao is summer.

From the town center, turn right along a trail, descending into a deep valley, Silver Waterfall is hidden in the mountains, mysteriously pouring down silver white water, sparkling with sunlight reflecting rainbow colors. A small stream from a height of 30m rushes with water, releasing into the wind the sound of the stream, the sound of the forest, the sound of leaves bouncing off the cliffs, sounding as dark as ancient sounds... If you like adventure, go a little further to the top. Rung Rinh, here the trees and mountains are as beautiful as in a fairy tale, there are many big trees that people hug covered with orchids, birds chirping loudly, butterflies fly in the sky. Further away is Tam Dao 2, which during the French period was also an ideal tourist resort, but is now abandoned with wild and lonely beauty.


Truc Lam Tay Thien

Location: Truc Lam Tay Thien Zen Monastery is located in Dai Dinh commune, Tam Dao district, about 85km west of Hanoi. Characteristics: Along with Truc Lam Da Lat Zen Monastery and Truc Lam Yen Tu Zen Monastery, Truc Lam Tay Thien Zen Monastery is one of the three largest Zen monasteries in Vietnam.




Binh Son Tower

Location: Binh Son Tower is located in Binh Son village, Tam Son town, Song Lo district, Vinh Phuc province. Characteristics: Binh Son Tower is a heritage of unique architecture of the Ly - Tran dynasties that is still preserved intact to this day.

The tower is located next to Vinh Khanh Pagoda (Then Pagoda), about 150km from Hanoi. The tower is nearly 16m high, built during the Ly - Tran dynasties. The tower has 11 floors, each floor has an overhanging roof. The inside of the tower is hollow, the base is square, each side is 4.45m. The tower gradually shrinks to the top. The top floor of the tower has each side 1.55m. The tower is built of old burnt bricks, dark red in color, solid as porcelain, the base of the tower is built of mallet bricks. The exterior of the tower floors is made of smooth-faced bricks, dark yellow in color, decorative patterns and lines are very sophisticated and harmonious, creating a perfect architectural block from every angle. Over the centuries, the tower has tilted and collapsed in some places and was restored in 1972, the architecture is still preserved as it was. Vinh Khanh Pagoda was built during the reign of King Tu Duc (1883), is a small temple in a spacious space. In front of the pagoda, near Binh Son tower, there is an ancient tree. Scientists say this tree is 500 years old.


Tam Dao tourist area and golf course

Location: Tam Dao tourist area and golf course is located in the Tam Dao mountain tourist area, Vinh Phuc province; 45km north of Noi Bai International Airport and 65km from Hanoi. Characteristics: Tam Dao golf course is an 18-hole golf course designed to ensure golfing conditions equivalent to golf courses in the world.




Ha Tien Pagoda

Location: Chua Ha Street, Vinh Yen City, Vinh Phuc Province Characteristics: It is a place to worship Buddha and a Buddhist school - a place to spread Dharma knowledge to many generations of monks, nuns and lay people over hundreds of years.

The pagoda is located on a hill with a very beautiful location with the "dragon holding a pearl" position on road 2B to Tam Dao with an area of ​​more than 6.2 hectares. The pagoda was built in the year Quy Mui (1703), the 24th Chinh Hoa era, during the reign of King Le Hy Tong Duy Hiep. Legend has it that, in the past, the National Mother Tay Thien Lang Thi Tieu, on her way to join forces with King Hung Vuong 6 to fight the enemy, used this place as a place to gather exhausted soldiers. The ancient pagoda grounds now have 5 stupas (3-storey type) and an ancient sycamore tree with side roots embracing a 300-year-old stupa tree, which are historical witnesses of the place where Buddhism was propagated in a time. Buddhism flourished nearly a century ago. Through the Three Gates from the southeast to the left and right gates, around the corridor to the Three Jewels, the spatial architecture simulates a 3-storey Stupa. From the yard to the temple porch, you have to step through 9 steps, called nine steps. The pagoda's roof is curved at four corners, and on the roof there is a Two Dragon flanking a moon. Behind is the ancestral church, symmetrically on both sides there is a reception house and a gallery. Other works include: library, street, tower garden, pearl well. The statues represent the process of opening, cultivating to complete achievements and returning to propagate the Dharma to the ten great sentient beings of Shakyamuni Buddha and the Bodhisattva and Shravaka vehicles. This place also has a campus dedicated to architecture that simulates famous temples in the world and Southeast Asia, so that Buddhists from all over have the opportunity to admire and meditate, immersing themselves in the space of reality and illusion. Like the heavenly paradise in the Sa Ba world of ecstasy with bamboo forests, pine forests, and lakes that create the source for the flow that takes Prajna's boat to help people escape the earthly world to reach the Buddha realm, the fairy realm is here. right here in Sa Ba world. The Buddha hall and model house are tall and majestic, expressing eternity and prosperity, tranquility and sacredness. The lobby's entire front door is made of four-tiered wood, carved very elaborately. Above the door are placed bars. Below is a stylized four-quarter relief. The attic panel, running across the front of the main hall, has 5 large letterforms with delicate and exemplary engravings. The three front halls, left and right sides of the pagoda all have corridors and solid cubic stone columns, carved with flexible patterns. At the foot of the column, the names of meritorious people are humbly written. All 10 stone pillars are engraved with parallel sentences. The Holy Mother Palace has 3 wide steps. Outside the lobby, there are 2 parallel sentences on 4 columns and 2 middle spaces. The engravings are written in a scriptural style, simple yet soft. The harmonious interweaving of a landscape environment, fresh, quiet space with separate architectural components creates an overall monumental but extremely elegant architectural block with all traditional materials, Traditional designs and traditional techniques of modern artisans, who have used their wisdom and talented hands to convey the traditional culture of their ancestors and the nation to today's young generations. and in the future you will enjoy it and keep it in mind. On December 13, At Dau year, that is January 20, 2006, Buddhist calendar year 2/549, the pagoda began renovation work to have a more majestic and beautiful scale. Ha Tien Pagoda deserves to be a major landmark of Vinh Yen city, Vinh Phuc province.


Vung Tau city

Vung Tau is a coastal city in Ba Ria-Vung Tau province and a famous tourist destination located far from City. Ho Chi Minh 125 km to the Southeast by road. This is where people can see the East Sea both at sunrise and sunset.




Pineapple Beach

Location: Pineapple Beach is located in the middle of Front Beach and Back Beach at the foot of Nho Mountain, near Nghinh Phong Cape, Vung Tau City. Characteristics: The ancients recounted that the reason for the name Pineapple beach is because in the past, on the mountain slopes jutting out to the sea, there were many wild pineapple trees (a plant with a scent like sticky rice or fragrant rice) that radiated a fragrant scent to the area. .

It's also possible that because that scent has captivated the footsteps of tourists and the romantics can't stay away, Dua beach is also called Lang Du beach. Bai Dua is one of the beautiful beaches and attracts many tourists of Vung Tau. The beauty here is not noisy and crowded but is a dreamy, secret beauty. The sea weaves through mountain hollows and rocky rapids, creating small sea coves embracing transparent underground water veins, with a faint fragrance of the countryside. Above the mountainside of Pineapple Beach, along Ha Long Avenue are motels, fully equipped villa-style hotels, pagodas and temples with ornamental trees full of solitude and mystery. Resting and traveling here will make your soul light and comfortable after stressful working days.


West Lake Park

Location: Main gate at 614 Lac Long Quan, Tay Ho district and the waterway picks up passengers from Thanh Nien street across West Lake, landing at the Water Park. Characteristics: One of the largest amusement parks in the North. Located in the northwest, on the banks of the romantic West Lake, with the attraction of bright and vibrant colors from modern entertainment facilities, West Lake Park is an attractive destination for tourists. Everyone from everywhere gathers here.

West Lake Park was established in 2000, on the occasion of the 110th anniversary of President Ho Chi Minh's birth and 990 years of Thang Long - Hanoi. Located on an area of ​​more than 8 hectares, this is a complex including main areas such as: Water Park, New Sun Park, club area, multi-purpose service area... West Lake Park has 34 amusement and entertainment equipment with diverse and modern types of entertainment. The Water Park has an area of ​​35,560m² divided into 5 play areas, including the following items: seven slides with an average height of 12m from the reception tower... Including two high-speed slides, height of 14.5m was installed for the first time in Vietnam. The pool creates six types of waves, a maximum of 1.2m, a maximum depth of 3m for those who like thrills such as death trapeze and Tibetan suspension bridge. The massage pool (effervescent pool) has a depth of 0.6m, creating a pleasant feeling of relaxation. The diving tank has a depth of 3.5m for those who love adventure, and here you can practice scuba diving or play diving. For children there is a paddling pool, mini slides, and water games; The drifting river is 450m long and 4.5m wide, flowing under five bridges. West Lake Water Park is the first Water Park with the largest scale and most modern in the North with all equipment imported from Spain. The Water Park always gives guests a feeling of health and refreshment, ideal moments of relaxation. With the position of the first Water Park to meet international standards in the North, West Lake Water Park has invested in a large, modern and professional system of equipment and facilities to serve customers. getting better and better. In addition, this is also a place to organize cultural exchange programs and events. Here you will be served by the largest covered outdoor stage with a majestic space; The hall system is formal and polite; Modern sound, lighting and technical equipment systems. New Sun Park (formerly known as Vang Moon Park) is located adjacent to the Water park. Continuously investing in advanced equipment for many diverse types, New Sun Park is a complex of modern, impressive, thrilling and adventurous games. Sitting on the ferris wheel at a height of 60m, you can relax and enjoy a panoramic view of the city. There is also a three-dimensional cinema room, new generation video games, supermarket, sports area with tennis, badminton, table tennis courts, billiards room, fishing lake, golf course. Mini golf with spinning disc games, cars, and speedboats. There is also a vibrant and powerful octopus ferris wheel; Thang Long Steel Dragon (aerial roller coaster); Children's play area has: Ferris wheel, carousel, car crash, helicopter, ball house, wooden castle, maze... Club area includes singing club. Music, sports, culture help you have moments of relaxation after thrilling games. Besides, the convenient and rich multi-purpose service area will provide customers with essential needs when coming to have fun at West Lake park. West Lake Park is and will be an attractive destination for many tourists from near and far. This is an interesting and useful entertainment address. Not only that, this place also creates conditions for many groups of guests who are excellent students, poor children overcoming difficulties, disabled children, orphans... to enter and play for free.


The Statue of Gautama Buddha

Location: Sakyamuni Buddha Dai is located in the northwest of Lon Mountain slope in Vung Tau City, Ba Ria - Vung Tau province. Characteristics: The beauty of the temple is the combination of religious architecture and natural landscape.

It is a large temple in the city. Vung Tau, built in 1941, is about 6 hectares wide, located on the slopes of Lon Mountain, about 3km from the city center. Notable things about this pagoda are the 19m high Octagonal tower and the statue of Sakyamuni Buddha meditating on a lotus. The entire statue is 10.2m high and about 6m in diameter. The statue and tower are all white and are built halfway up a high mountain, so you can admire them from afar.


Suoi Tien

Location: Suoi Tien is in Tan Thanh district, Ba Ria-Vung Tau province, 7km northwest of Ba Ria city. Characteristics: Originating from the top of Dinh Mountain with an altitude of nearly 500m, Suoi Tien is called Vietnam's second Da Lat by domestic and foreign tourists because of the wonderful natural scenery that nature has bestowed on this place. .




Mu Cang Chai terraced fields

Location: Mu Cang Chai terraced fields belong to three communes La Pan Tan, Che Cu Nha and De Xu Phinh, Mu Cang Chai district, Yen Bai province. Characteristics: Mu Cang Chai terraced fields are fields spread out on the mountain slopes, layer after layer.

Mu Cang Chai is a western district of Yen Bai province, about 300km northwest of Hanoi, to the north it borders Van Ban district of Lao Cai province, to the south it borders Muong La district of Son La province, to the west it borders Than Uyen district. of Lai Chau province, bordering Van Chan district and Yen Bai province to the east. From Hanoi to Mu Cang Chai, follow Highway 32, cross the 27km long Khau Pha pass. On October days, visitors cannot help but be surprised when the yellow color of rice appears stretching across the mountain slopes. Pillow next to the other layer seems endless. Coming to Trong Tong village, La Pan Tan commune, looking down, visitors can partly feel the magic of the terraced fields here. The golden raspberries of rice appear majestically among the green mountains and forests; Each terraced field flows down from above like a golden staircase inviting mortals to heaven. The Mong people here work on terraced fields in the spring and summer crops. Among them, October is the most beautiful time. Due to the steep slope, terraced fields have a narrow width (only a few harrow lines), the difference between the upper field and the lower field is from one to one and a half meters, while requiring field space and a water source for soaking the rice feet. must be uniform, so that when water enters, each step has wave balance. Therefore, when leveling fields, the Mong people use butterfly hoes to create soil banks, use their feet to step on them, and use the back of the hoe to pound hard to compact the banks. The water receiving points for the fields are taken from the creek sources above. If the low point is crossed, a large tree is used to split it in half and cut out the intestines to make a water trough. To create a contour line for each piece of field, the people use water to create a line to balance the waves. In low places, use a butterfly hoe to further level it; The high places are flattened to the banks, so the whole field around the hill has the same water and height, creating even steps throughout. Even in the way of dividing water, the Mong people only share water from the upper bank to the lower bank in a non-seamless way (the first plot shares the beginning of the bank, the lower plot must share in the middle of the bank, the next plot shares the water drain at the end of the bank). to minimize when floods create strong currents that break the banks and wash away all the color. In recent years, Mu Cang Chai Rice Terraces has become a tourist destination attracting many domestic and foreign tourists. On October 18, 2007, the terraced fields in Mu Cang Chai were granted national monument status by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.


Thac Ba Lake

Location: The lake belongs to Luc Yen and Yen Binh districts. Characteristics: This is one of the three largest artificial lakes in Vietnam, formed when the Thac Ba hydroelectric plant was built.




Long Hai beach

Location: Long Hai Beach belongs to Long Hai town, Long Dien district, 30km northeast of Vung Tau city. Characteristics: Running long and winding south of the foot of Thuy Van mountain, or Ky Van (today called Minh Ngon), Long Hai beach is a clean, beautiful beach with clear blue water.




Tra Su cajuput forest

Location: Van Giao commune, Tinh Bien district, An Giang province, about 20km from Chau Doc city and 10km from the Vietnam - Cambodia border. Characteristics: A typical flooded forest for the West Hau River region, home to many species of water birds, wild animals and aquatic creatures belonging to Vietnam's special-use forest system.

From Chau Doc city, turn left about 17km to Nha Bang town in Tinh Bien district. From here, follow provincial road 948 to Km 6, visitors continue to turn left along a small road about 4km long to reach Tra Su cajuput forest. At the reception station, visitors can rent tandem bicycles to visit the Melaleuca forest. This road is only about 5 - 6km long. Above is the green color of the Melaleuca tree top, below the ditch, occasionally you can hear the sound of fish waving their tails, creating strange sounds. When the long canal with cool water and the distant, green range of cajuput forests appear before your eyes, visitors will no longer be able to travel by bicycle but must use small boats and canoes to easily weave between the canals. The creek explores the forest. Sitting on the canoe, gently rowing on the water, watching dozens of species of birds singing on the cajuput tree, visitors will feel like they are lost in a fairyland. Visitors to Tra Su cajuput forest are increasingly surprised and excited each time, because they realize the many miracles of nature that the forest trees are preserving in the color of their leaves and the sweet scent of melaleuca. With an area of ​​nearly 850 hectares, Tra Su forest is home to 70 species of birds belonging to 13 orders and 31 families, including 2 rare bird species recorded in the Vietnam Red Book: Giang sen (Mycteria leucocephala) and red cypress. (Anhinga melanogaster). Regarding mammals, 11 species belonging to 4 orders and 6 families have been listed. The orders with the most species are bats (15 species) and rodents (4 species), including the rare short-eared dog bat that has also been recorded in the Vietnam Red Book. Particularly for reptiles, frogs, and amphibians, there are up to 25 species, 2 orders, 10 families, including cobras and kraits. In addition, the forest also has 10 species of fish that appear all year round and 13 species that only appear during the flood season, including 2 species of fish that have scientific value and are at risk of extinction: anemone fish and white catfish. . Not only rich in animals, Tra Su is also a gathering place for 140 plant species belonging to 52 families and 102 genera, including 22 species of trees, 25 species of shrubs, 10 species of vines, 70 species of grass, 13 species of Aquatic species, 11 habitat species, 78 medicinal species and 22 ornamental plant species. It is the diversity and richness of resources that make Tra Su cajuput forest an ideal destination for researchers and those interested in exploring wild nature. Flooding season is the most suitable time to come to the Melaleuca forest. Tourists taking a boat trip through the forest will be able to see the vast green forest, full of pure white cajuput flowers blooming in the morning sunlight, the gentle scent of cajuput makes the spirit relax. . Water willow trees, carpets of foxtail seaweed, and countless aquatic species curling softly in the clear water... While admiring the beautiful scenery, visitors can hand-pick various types of water spinach, coconut greens, and seaweed. classic... before going deep into the forest to explore the world of birds. Every day in Tra Su forest is a very lively time. That's when the sunlight begins to fade, leaving only golden threads passing through the forest. That's when the flock of birds residing in the cajuput forest begin to fly back to their nests. Herds and herds appeared densely in the forest with natural activities as if they were unaware of human presence. White storks peek out from behind curved branches; Herons and gongs pecked at each other behind the melaleuca tree; stinging, teal fluttering all over the forest and then landing lightly on the melaleuca trees; The crow bats - some weighing 3kg with a wingspan of up to 1m - hook their legs into tree branches and hang down from above. Each species has a different shape and color: white, black, bottle green, speckled, hollow... In the bird's nests on high branches, visitors can see young birds chirping waiting for the mother bird to feed them. prey or lovebirds lovingly preening each other's feathers and wings. The sound of birds chirping in constant harmony. makes visitors from far away feel close to the natural scenery here. In addition, visitors can also climb the 14m high watchtower in the middle of the forest, use binoculars to observe, and if they are lucky, they will see tens of thousands of white storks flying back to their nests like a giant white cloth covering the green forest floor. . The deeper the afternoon, the more vast and vast the space becomes. At the shacks on the edge of the forest, visitors can enjoy fresh and delicious specialties of the Southern river region such as grilled ling fish, steamed snakehead fish with bottle gourd, grilled chicken with salt and chili, wild snakehead fish wrapped in grilled lotus leaves. rice, field crabs dipped in tamarind sauce, sesban flowers squeezed in vinegar... while relaxing to the sweet Vong Co singing of the village girls. All the spaces here, from the sounds, the sunlight to the rustic garden dishes, have their own unique flavors that cannot be found anywhere else. In addition to the rich values ​​​​in terms of natural resources, Tra Su Melaleuca forest also contains unique cultural elements of the communities living along the forest. Around Tra Su forest, there are quite a few Khmer and Kinh people living with many traditional handicrafts such as weaving brocade, cooking palm sugar, distilling cajuput essential oil, raising bees for honey... Come to the forest Tra Su Melaleuca tree to adventure in the wild forest, live in harmony with nature and temporarily forget all the worries of a busy life. , Tra Su is a strange yet familiar land, because the people here are always friendly and hospitable, giving visitors the feeling of walking in their own space.


Sam Mountain relic cluster

Location: Sam Mountain relic in Vinh Te commune, Chau Doc city, An Giang province. Characteristics: Sam Mountain is not only a beautiful natural landscape, there are many architectural and cultural relics that have been deeply engraved in the spirituality of the people of the Southern Delta.

Sam Mountain is 284m high, located in the plain, with a about 5km long asphalt road for cars to run around to the top of the mountain. Sam Mountain and other mountains in the Bay Nui region are highlights that create a very poetic natural landscape in the southwest of Vietnam, bordering the Cambodian border. Low mountains have many trails, many ups and downs, and few old trees. According to legend, the mountain has many spiritual manifestations, so many Buddhist temples have been built here for nearly 2 centuries. People from all over make pilgrimages here to worship in large numbers. There are up to 200 temples, pagodas, temples, and shrines scattered at the foot of the mountain, the slopes, and even on the top. On the top of the mountain there is a fortress built during the French period. At the foot of the mountain is the Mausoleum of Thoai Ngoc Hau (Nguyen Van Thoai), a general of the Nguyen Dynasty who had many meritorious contributions to the local people in organizing the digging of two important canals in An Giang: the 90km long Vinh Te canal connecting the Hau River with Huong Thanh (Ha Tien) and out to the Gulf of Thailand; Chinh An canal connects Hau river to Tien river; Embankment of Chau Doc - Long Xuyen major highway. All of these important projects were completed before the French colonialists invaded Cochinchina (1858). Here there is also Ba Chua Xu temple, Tay An pagoda, Tao Ngo garden, Bach Van hill... Sam Mountain is a famous tourist destination in the western provinces of the South.


Cam mountain

Location: Cam Mountain is located in That Son cluster in the Southwest region, in An Hao commune, Tinh Bien district, An Giang province. Characteristics: The largest Maitreya Buddha statue in Vietnam; Van Linh pagoda with a majestic and sacred tower.

Cam Mountain, also known as Thien Cam Son, is considered Thien Cam Son (beautiful mountain like silk brocade), located about 90km from the center of Long Xuyen city along Highway 91, turning to provincial road 948, and about 37km from Chau Doc city. .The mountain is located at an altitude of 705m, occupies a circumference of 28,600m, has an average temperature of about 25°C, ideal for sightseeing and exploration activities. From the top of the mountains, visitors can have a panoramic view of the vast rice fields all the way to Ha Tien sea and the southwest border. There are many anecdotes to explain the name Cam Mountain. Cam Mountain or Cam Son is the first official written name appearing in Dai Nam Nhat Thong Chi compiled at the end of the 19th century. The book describes: "...the mountain is so high, the trees are lush, it is one of the seven mountains. Because the mountain is high, few people reach the top." Before that, according to Trinh Hoai Duc's Gia Dinh citadel, this mountain was called Doai Ton mountain, and the author said that the mountain was 50 truong high, 20 miles in circumference, and looked like a high platform, naturally located in the surrounding area. Thin Ty palace should be called Dai Ton mountain... Called Thien Cam Son because in addition to scenic spots, Cam mountain also has attractive natural scenery, four-season flowers and leaves create a picture of "marvelous mountains". famous for many different high and low peaks called mallets, each mallet name is associated with a legend and has many interesting meanings such as Thien Tue mallet, Bo Hong mallet, Ong Buom mallet, Dau mallet, Ba mallet... That is the year of the mat or the year of the year that pilgrims often come to worship. Not having the majestic and majestic appearance of the mountains in Truong Son - Central Highlands, Cam Mountain in An Giang has a wild and mysterious beauty, a treasure that nature has bestowed on the southwest land. of Vietnam. Right at the foot of the mountain there is a temple worshiping Son Than, where everyone who passes by stops to burn incense. Crossing the road up the mountain with dense forest, visitors will see a picturesque scene: the waterfall falls from above onto stacked rocks, the sound of the waterfall echoes in the mountain wind, sometimes far away, sometimes near; beautiful perennial stalactites in Thuy Liem cave... Continue your journey to Phat Lon Pagoda. The pagoda is located in a quiet space, immersed in ancient Bodhi trees tinged with the color of more than a century of time. . Nearby is the 33.6m high Maitreya Buddha statue. This is the most massive religious structure ever in the Bay Nui region. The interesting thing is that visitors standing anywhere on the mountain peaks can see the bright white Buddha statue, sitting majestically in the middle of a green space with a tolerant and gentle smile. About 100 meters away is Van Linh Pagoda with three stupas in front of the front hall, 40m high with 9 floors, each floor displays a statue of Buddha riding a beast over 2m high made of Thanh Hoa stone, sculpted extremely delicately. a solemn and quiet landscape. In addition, along the paths from the foot to the top of the mountain, visitors also have the opportunity to explore many other attractions such as: Thanh Long stream, Tien stream, Cay Que palace, Muoi Ba palace, Tam Thanh palace, Huynh palace. Dragon cave, Ong The cave, Ong Ho cave, Bac Vat Lang cave, Thuy Liem cave... each place has a thrilling legend, a magical space full of colorful beliefs. At the foot of Cam Mountain, to the East is Lam Vien tourist area, with an area of ​​about 100 hectares, with beautiful landscapes, wide concrete roads leading to the top of the mountain, especially the Cam Mountain cable car that has been completed and put into service. tourist service from February 14, 2015. Coming to Cam Mountain, An Giang, in addition to enjoying the majestic mountain scenery, experiencing mountain climbing activities, exploring caves, bathing in streams... visitors should not miss the opportunity to enjoy local specialties such as mountain snails, mountain mangoes, mountain jackfruit, bananas, durian, avocado and mountain bridges... Cam Mountain is currently a pilgrimage destination for many tourists inside and outside the province and abroad. is an attractive tourist destination of An Giang province. It is estimated that Cam Mountain welcomes more than 1.2 million visitors and worshipers each year, the largest number being in the spring during festivals from January to June of the lunar calendar./.


Ba Chua Xu Temple Festival

Time: from the night of April 23 to April 27 of the lunar calendar Location: Ba Chua Xu temple, Sam mountain, about 5km from Chau Doc city Object of worship: Ba Chua Xu Characteristics: Ba Chua Xu ceremony

Ba Chua Xu Temple is located at the foot of Sam Mountain, formerly in Vinh Te commune, now in Nui Sam ward, City. Chau Doc, An Giang province. Ba Chua Xu Festival (also known as Via Ba Festival) is held every year from the night of the 23rd day of the 4th lunar month to the 27th day of the 4th lunar month. Pilgrims coming to the festival can go by road from Long Xuyen to Chau Doc along Provincial Road 10, turn 7km to Sam Mountain; Or go by waterway from Can Tho, Soc Trang or from Saigon. The ceremony part of the Via Ba ceremony includes five ceremonies: Ba bathing ceremony, Ceremony to invite Thoai Ngoc Hau to Ba Temple, Tuc Yet ceremony, Adoration ceremony, and Chief priest ceremony. Grandma's bathing ceremony. This ceremony is held at 24:00 on the night of the 23rd and 24th. It is said to bathe her, but in reality it is to wipe off the dust on the altar statue and change her crown. The water to bathe the statue is scented water, her old clothes. She is cut into small pieces and distributed to festival guests and is considered a talisman to help people stay healthy and ward off evil spirits. The Ba bathing ceremony usually lasts about an hour, after which everyone is free to worship. Ceremony to invite Thoai Ngoc Hau to Ba Temple: This ceremony is held at 3:00 p.m. on the 24th. The village elders and the Temple Management Board dress neatly and go to Thoai Ngoc Hau mausoleum located opposite the Ba temple to hold the ceremony. Thi Sac receives the tablets of Ngoc Hau Nguyen Van Thoai, the second-class lady Truong Thi Miet, and the Council tablets. When entering Ba Temple, the above tablets were placed in the main hall, the Board of Directors offered incense to pray for peace, and the ceremony ended. The custom of praying to Thoai Ngoc Hau has been around for a long time to show gratitude to him as a person openly destroy this desolate land. Tuc Yet Ceremony: The ceremony is held at 0 a.m. on the 25th and 26th. All the elders in the village and the management board of the mausoleum dress neatly, standing in line on both sides in front of the Lady statue. Offerings include: one animal. white pig (shorn and clean, uncooked), a plate of blood with a little pig hair called "mao blood", a tray of raspberries, a tray of fruit, a tray of betel and areca nuts, a plate of rice salt. The chief worshiper performed the ceremony of offering incense, drinking wine, offering tea, offering sacrifices, then turned some gold and silver paper. Building adoration ceremony: After the worshiping ceremony, there is the building adoration ceremony. The chief worshiper will walk to the altar placed in the middle of martial arts, holding drumsticks in both hands and raising them to his forehead to pray. On the left side of the altar there is a bowl of water and a willow branch. The chief worshiper held a poplar branch, dipped it in a bowl of water, sprinkled the water around, and read prayers out loud. After reading, the chief worshiper placed the bowl of water and poplar branches back on the altar, he beat the drum three times and chanted "ca cong continues", immediately the minstrel troupe played the gongs and drums and the minstrel program began. . The following operas are often performed at Ba Temple: Tran Binh Trong, Sat That, Luu Kim Dinh, Trung Nu Vuong, etc. Chief Priest Ceremony: At 4:00 a.m. on the 26th, worship Chief Priest (the ritual is the same as worshiping "" full list"). On the afternoon of the 27th, the Thoai Ngoc Marquis was brought back to Son Lang. The festival took place very enthusiastically, interwoven with the ceremony, folk cultural and artistic activities were performed such as lion dance, tray dance, plate and cup dance... attracting many tourists. Ba Chua Xu Festival of Sam Mountain is a festival with a strong national identity, but also contains many Southern local colors. The festival is truly a folk culture festival that meets the socio-cultural needs and spiritual life of local residents, and at the same time attracts a large number of visitors from all over to visit and worship.


Tay An Pagoda

Location: Tay An Pagoda is located in Vinh Te commune, City. Chau Doc, An Giang province. Characteristics: Tay An Pagoda has the appearance of Indian pagodas, with architecture in harmony with the natural landscape, creating a splendid beauty. The pagoda is one of a cluster of relics at the foot of Sam Mountain.

Tay An Pagoda (ancient Tay An) was built by a Nguyen Dynasty mandarin of the Minh Mang Dynasty (1820), General Governor Nguyen Nhat An, according to his wish when he was sent by the court to Cambodia. According to this vow, if he succeeds in his trip, when he returns, he will build a temple to worship Buddha at the foot of Sam Mountain. After building the temple with bamboo, he invited the first Venerable, Nguyen Van Giac, whose dharma name was Hai Tinh, to be the abbot. In the 7th year of Thieu Tri (1847), the pagoda invited another monk named Doan Minh Huyen, whose dharma name was Phap Tang to become the abbot. The later monk, in addition to his practice, also had the talent to make medicine to treat people's illnesses very effectively, so after his death, the people honored him with the title of Buddha Master Tay An and this title is still held by the people. call today. The pagoda was repaired many times over the time of the monks' tenure. The temple's architecture is in the Indian style with durable materials such as bricks, tiles, and cement. The main hall is the 18m high pagoda in the middle, worshiping the Shakyamuni Buddha statue, and on the two sides are the gong and drum floors. In front of the pagoda, there are 3 gates: the middle gate is a three-entrance gate worshiping the Guan Yin Buddha statue, the two gates on both sides have two signs saying "Tay An ancient temple", inside the three gates is the pagoda yard with a 16m high flagpole. Below the steps of the pagoda are cast white and black statues, the shoulders of which are embossed with two deities sitting on a crescent moon, on both sides are two corridors, separate for male and female believers. The pagoda follows the Mahayana sect and has up to 11,270 large and small wooden statues. The full moon day of each month, the full moon day of the 7th month and the 10th lunar month are the days when most people come to worship.


Tomb of Thoai Ngoc Hau

Location: Thoai Ngoc Hau Tomb in Vinh Te commune, City. Chau Doc, An Giang province. Characteristics: Thoai Ngoc Hau Tomb is one of many relics at the foot of Sam Mountain. There is a temple here to worship Mr. Thoai Ngoc Hau, the tomb of him and his two wives was built in the 30s of the 20th century. Thoai Ngoc Hau's real name is Nguyen Van Thoai, a famous general of the Nguyen Dynasty. He was born on November 25, 1761 in Dien Phuoc, Quang Nam province, and was awarded the title Ngoc Hau. He died on June 6, 1829.

The majestic scenery of Thoai Ngoc Hau mausoleum reminds visitors of nostalgia for the ancients and the merits of their predecessors, leaving a deep impression and nostalgia for what cannot be found in the past. In front of the mausoleum is a large yard. His two wives are buried here. Mrs. First Rank Chau Vinh Te is buried on the right hand, Mrs. Second Rank Truong Thi Miet is buried on the left, and his grave is in the middle. In Long Dinh are replicas of "Thoai Son" stele and "Vinh Te Son" stele. In front of Long Dinh are two deer made of cement. The two large doors to the mausoleum are wide, semicircular, ancient-style architecture, and attached to a solid wall 1m thick and 3m high. Behind the mausoleum is a temple on a higher platform. Behind the temple is the slope of Sam Mountain, creating a solid and solid stance, exalting its ancient and majestic features. Entering the mausoleum, visitors will admire the statue of Thoai Ngoc Hau about two meters high and splendid literary panels, with tureens, horizontal panels, stele, orations... recalling the image of a once glorious country. . Thoai Ngoc Hau was awarded the title of marquis by the Nguyen court to explore and defend An Giang. He gathered people from the two provinces of Quang Nam - Quang Ngai to return to the areas of Ong Chuong (Cho Moi), Nui Sap (Thoi Son), Chau Doc, Long Xuyen... He was the organizer of digging the Thoai Ha canal (Son The canal has a width of 20 - about 51m, a length of 31,744m) and Vinh Te canal is more than 90km long. Digging those two canals in the era of primitive labor tools and using hands and feet was truly a miraculous job. After completing the canal digging, Thoai Ngoc Marquis drew a map and presented it to the Hue court. The king praised and issued an edict allowing the canal to be named Thoai Ha (Thoai canal) and named after his main wife, Vinh. Te set for Vinh Te channel. To mark these works, Thoai Ngoc Hau built memorial stele: Thoai Son and Vinh Te Son stele. At the same time, before the day of erecting the stele, Ong sent many groups of people to go along both banks of the canal, from Chau Doc to Ha Tien, looking for the remains of the fallen militiamen to bring back and bury them on the left and right sides of the mausoleum. During the solemn ceremony of erecting the memorial stele, there was a reading of the poem "Teu Nghia Khong Van", presided over by Thoai Ngoc Hau. "Nghia Van Van" is a poem dedicated to the souls of martyrs, engraved with the merits and condolences for the soldiers and civilians who lost their lives in the canal digging... Tourists who have the opportunity to visit That Son - An Giang should remember to visit Visit Thoai Ngoc Hau's tomb, watch the peaceful blue Vinh Te canal.


Ba The Mountain

Location: This is a mountain located in the middle of Long Xuyen quadrangle, in Oc Eo town, Thoai Son district, An Giang province. Characteristics: Ba The Mountain's original name is Hoa The Son. During the Minh Mang dynasty, due to the taboo of the Queen's name being Ho Thi Hoa, Hoa The Son changed its name to Ba The mountain.




Thoai Son beer

Location: Thoai Son stele is located at the foot of Sap mountain, in Thoai Son communal house in Nui Sap town, Thoai Son district, An Giang province, about 28km from Long Xuyen city. Characteristics: Thoai Son stele was built by Nguyen Van Thoai (Thoai Ngoc Hau) in 1822 and is one of two famous historical monuments and inscriptions in Vietnam under the feudal regime that still exists today.




Oc Eo relic site

Location: Oc Eo relic site in Sap - Ba The mountain area, Thoai Son district, An Giang province. Characteristics: Oc Eo Citadel is a medieval trading port sunk underground, discovered when people dug the Ba The canal.

This is a place known to many people at home and abroad: it is a large ancient relic area, associated with physical traces of the kingdom of Funan, a powerful country in Southeast Asia about 10 years ago. two thousand years. In addition to the area considered "Oc Eo city" with an area of ​​4,500 hectares, there are also a few regions in the Southwest region such as Dong Thap Muoi, Chau Doc, Kien Giang... that still have many mysteries to date. for researchers and archaeologists. Currently, the Oc Eo relic site not only welcomes many collectors and archaeologists to research and learn, but also attracts many domestic and foreign tourists who come here to see the relics and traces discovered. Now to learn more about a period of brilliant development of the ancient land of An Giang in particular and the Mekong Delta in general.