Chi Linh Golf Course

Address: 445 Nguyen Thai Hoc - Thai Hoc 3 Residential Area, Sao Do Ward, Chi Linh Town, Hai Duong

Chi Linh Golf Course (ChiLinh Golf) is located in Sao Do Ward, Chi Linh City, Hai Duong, more than 70km from Hanoi, on the Hanoi - Ha Long road. ChiLinh Golf is highly appreciated not only in Vietnam but throughout Southeast Asia. Absolute respect for the terrain and soil has brought the title "The most challenging golf course in Vietnam" to ChiLinh Golf. Natural advantages with a large area, natural lakes surrounded by majestic green hills, high-class facilities set to international standards, and a team of experienced caddies... ChiLinh Golf will is a wonderful experience for all golf lovers. Chi Linh Golf Course is located in Sao Do Ward, Chi Linh City, Hai Duong, more than 70km from Hanoi, on the Hanoi - Ha Long road. Chi Linh golf course is highly appreciated not only in Vietnam but throughout Southeast Asia. Chi Linh Golf Course is known as "The most challenging golf course in Vietnam" and professional golfers cannot ignore this interesting venue. Opening the first 18 holes in November 2003, Chi Linh Golf Course is considered "A golf course worth conquering". By 2008, Chi Linh Golf Course continued to put 9 more holes into operation, increasing the size of the course to 27 holes. Chi Linh Golf Course has been affirming its top reputation through the quality of the course and is a highlight of high-quality and impressive tourism and golf sports. With professional amenities and accompanying services, Chi Linh Golf Course can fully meet the needs of Members and Guests such as organizing professional tournaments, event organization, party booking services... The design and construction of Chi Linh Golf Course is undertaken by I.G.C.S (Independent Golf Course Services), a leading Australian golf course design and construction company. I.G.C.S is famous in the region for designing and building golf courses in Australia, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines and China. Chi Linh Golf Course is the first project of I.G.C.S in Vietnam and contributes to bringing new experiences to golfers. The golf course is built with top quality materials in the world with the most advanced technology imported from the US and Australia to ensure the golf course is always in the best condition. Built with 36 holes divided into 3 course areas according to AAA international standards, Chi Linh Golf Course has an area of ​​up to 325 hectares in the heart of a beautiful valley with a natural lake surrounded by majestic green hills. around. To maintain the standards of the course, Chi Linh Golf Course always has a professional course maintenance team to take care of it every day and throughout the 4 seasons of the year to bring the best experience to players. Not only has the beautiful landscape, the facilities at Chi Linh golf course are also well-invested, according to the standards of an international golf course with a convenient ecosystem to serve golfers most comprehensively and fully. such as: Club House restaurant, tram, practice field, locker area... help meet all needs of rest, relaxation and give golfers the best golf experience.


Ha Hai Tennis Practice Ground

Address: 180 Hong Chau, Bui Thi Xuan Street, Le Thanh Nghi Ward, Hai Duong City, Hai Duong

To meet the tennis practice needs of the people of Hai Duong city, Ha Hai Tennis practice court was soon built and put into use. The court meets the basic requirements of people who want to get acquainted or play tennis professionally. With a system of spacious, clean and affordable training grounds, this place always has people registering to practice at any time of the day, especially on weekends. In particular, the training ground is also rented to organize friendly tournaments in the province, attracting many participants. Come to Ha Hai tennis practice court, Hai Duong to experience hours of refreshing tennis.


Hai Duong Sports Stadium

Address: 1 Bui Thi Xuan, Le Thanh Nghi Ward, Hai Duong City, Hai Duong

The Hai Duong Provincial Sports Stadium project was inaugurated and put into management and use since May 19, 1997 with a total area of ​​18,746m2, with a 45m high tower and a competition floor area of ​​1,040m2. The capacity is nearly 2,500 seats and there are 32 function rooms. The Hai Duong Provincial Sports Stadium was invested twice by the central government with over 36 billion VND to upgrade, repair and fully renovate to serve the 22nd SEAGMES in 2003 and the PENCAKSILAT competition at the Asian Games. indoor AIGames III in 2009. All facilities are equipped with modern, international standards such as: central air conditioning system, function rooms; electrical systems, electronic boards, lighting, sound, furniture, communication equipment, multi-purpose and specialized mats, equipment for sports: indoor soccer, mini soccer, volleyball, table tennis, badminton, tennis, martial arts... Ensuring high quality requirements in organizing training and competing in sports tournaments from provincial to national and international levels. The competition floor is 1,040m² wide with multi-purpose mats, has a central air conditioning system, local air conditioning for function rooms, lighting and sound systems, 2300 seats Busan - Korea, 35 function rooms . In particular, there is a 45m high tower with an area of ​​over 400m² with elevator access, which is the only ideal place for coffee, refreshment and tourism services in the country; An artificial grass football field of over 1000m² meeting FIFA standards (5-person field); International standard volleyball court; Tennis practice court.


Mipec Golf Club

Address: 9 Le Trong Tan, Khuong Mai Ward, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi City

Located right in the center of Hanoi, Mipec Golf Club includes a practice area, support service area and Pure Performance golf academy, an address that many golf beginners love. The advantage of Mipec Golf Driving Range is that it is equipped with advanced technology, professional and enthusiastic coaches, and especially affordable practice fees. The golf academy here is also the first and only tool alignment center of two famous brands Titleist and Ping in Vietnam. Mipec Golf Course consists of 2 floors with 52 practice lines. Spacious lawn (250 yards) with many practice mats and modern lighting system. There is also a culinary restaurant with a diverse and rich menu to serve golfers. Military Petrochemical Joint Stock Company VND 40.6 billion Total area 21,434.2 m2 Complex includes: Training area, Support service area, Golf academy, Mipec Health and Physical Care Center (Mipec Healthcare and Fitness Center). With closed infrastructure and modern equipment, this place has become a reliable address, attracting sports lovers to practice every day. The practice area has a 250-yard grass field, divided into two floors with 52 playing lanes, invested in advanced technical equipment from turf, practice mats, balls, and lighting to ensure golfers have a comfortable environment. best practice. The service area includes the Luogo Café restaurant that meets the relaxation and culinary needs of golfers and the Pro shop that provides golf equipment and golf documents. Pure Performance Golf Academy is equipped with the most advanced technology in golf training with professional coaches and leading golf experts in Vietnam. The golf academy is also the first and only tool alignment center of two famous brands Titleist and Ping in Vietnam. Mipec Healthcare and Fitness Center is located on the 3rd floor, equipped with modern training equipment imported from Europe and a team of sports doctors and professional and experienced coaches.


Legend Hill Golf Course

Address: Cong Hoa Village, Phu Linh Commune, Soc Son District, Hanoi City

Legend Hill Golf Course, owned by BRG Group, is known as a golf course with a very special design, which has brought players unique exciting emotions. This is the first "twin greens" golf course meeting international standards in Vietnam and officially came into operation in December 2015. Legend Hill Golf Course is one of the addresses that attracts many golfers to experience. This golf course is located in a prime location with a convenient transportation system. Besides, the outstanding points in the course design also "please" even the most demanding golfers. This golf course (Legend Hill Golf Resort) is only 30km from Hanoi (about 30 minutes by car). The yard is located near the Soc Temple area - a place to worship Saint Giong, one of the four saints considered the "Four Immortals" in Vietnamese beliefs. Besides, if starting from Noi Bai International Airport, golfers only take about 10 minutes by car to get to BRG Legend Hill Golf Resort golf course. The course is located on a convenient transportation route, with a "golden" geographical location, making Legend Hill golf course one of the perfect destinations on holidays or weekends that golfers should not miss. NickLaus Design's design team took advantage of outstanding advantages when building Legend Hill golf course. Taking full advantage of the majestic beauty of the Soc Son hills along with breakthroughs in coming up with ideas for investors who want to create a unique type of yard following the "twin greens" model is truly a challenge but at the same time. This is an opportunity for the Nicklaus Design team to demonstrate the world's leading professional capabilities. If golfers are too familiar with one-green courses, coming to "twin greens", golfers will be challenged with a pair of greens, 36 greens in 18 holes, standard 72 strokes. This golf course is also favored by mountainous land. Majestic Soc Son mountain, this golf course blends into the extremely valuable natural landscape. Modeled after a real practice course, this is seen as an opportunity for experience and practice on this golf course. A big plus point for this golf course is that golfers will experience straight balls that not all players have the opportunity to try. BRG Legend Hill Soc Son golf course is highly appreciated for its smart and thorough course planning because it creates separate areas to help players have the opportunity to play from many angles and directions to different greens. In addition, investing in using natural grass instead of artificial turf has made a huge difference compared to traditional turf. NickLaus Design did not disappoint investors by being so unique in designing interwoven sand pits that are even more challenging, bringing absolute realism to players. This helps Soc Son golf course put its name on the list of favorite golf courses, suitable for golfers of all levels. Once again, NickLaus has created its own mark as well as made a name for itself thanks to the precision in each design. This is proven through the design of the BRG Legend Hill Soc Son golf course, which meets all technical and facility standards of the US Professional Golf Association (USGA). This golf course also stands out with a separate area for players to practice improving their technique if they need to practice short balls. By expanding its high-caliber training ground, BRG Legend Hill golf course has gradually affirmed its position, creating great momentum as well as bringing reputation to its leading position in the turf market with outstanding values. BRG Legend Hill golf course gives golfers a classy feeling when using a wavy green surface with sand traps so players can comfortably practice saving gear from the sand traps themselves or find ways to overcome sand traps to reach the green. . This helps the golf course give golfers a realistic feeling with every step when especially using the type with Platinum Paspalum to help make the surface of the course more soft. Furthermore, taking advantage of the terrain, BRG Legend Hill Soc Son golf course has provided a layout and structural solution suitable for the mountainside contour lines and lakeside promenade. Combined with a garden system, trees, and water surface in harmony with the natural landscape, it gives golfers the best experience. Not only stopping at fully exploiting the gift that nature bestows on the golf course, the ZDesign team also brings to Legend Hill Soc Son golf course a new, more classy breeze with top service quality, raising the price level. value of this yard. Owning a system of hotels and motels with unique architecture in the style of contemporary classical architecture, sophisticated, luxurious and very comfortable, integrated within the premises of a high-class resort complex at the golf course. This golf course also meets culinary needs with a restaurant system serving a variety of dishes from many countries around the world from Asia to Europe. This golf course also makes golfers fascinated when it is so ingenious in arranging the culinary space on the majestic and expensive mountain view of Soc Son land. BRG Legend Hill Golf Course also owns a series of high-end amenities that golfers cannot miss when coming to play here. The most popular and modern sports equipment and golf equipment from prestigious brands are always updated to give golfers many choices.


Dong Mo Golf Course Hanoi

Address: Dong Mo Street, Son Dong Commune, Son Tay Town, Hanoi City

BRG Kings Island Golf Resort - located in Dong Mo, Son Tay, Hanoi - is the first and oldest golf course in Northern Vietnam, with a 30-year history and an area of ​​350 hectares of land and surrounded by 1500 hectares of water surface, and 55 holes of world-class golf. Less than an hour's drive from the center of Hanoi, the 55-hole Kings Island golf course is a perfect choice to get away from the city and mingle with nature. A unique experience only available at Kings Island golf course is that golfers will travel to the clubhouse on the island by speedboat from the parking lot to the mainland. With a length of 6,516 yards from the furthest tees, this Par 72 golf course has up to 4 tees at each hole to vary the difficulty to preserve the design concept. TifDwarf is the leader in the Bermuda grass family used for greens - helping golfers have fast and realistic putting surfaces all year round. Fairways are planted with Bermuda grass, giving players excellent landing shots no matter the season. Mountainview Stadium was designed in 2004 by Pacific Coast Design company (Australia). The architects exploited the natural strengths of the mountains surrounding the Cultural Village to design the Mountainview course with 18 holes - Par 72 stretching over 6,978 yards from the yellow tees. . Just like Lakeside, the fairways are planted with Bermuda grass, providing perfect conditions for the course year-round. The Kings Course opened in 2018 and features the signature Jack Nickaus II 55th hole played from an elevated waterfall tee. According to Jack Nicklaus II, Kings Course will be designed in the most modern style of world golf standards and this will be the "special gift" he brings to Vietnamese golfers 1993 Opening of Lakeside course 2004 Opening Opened Mountain View course designed by Pacific Coast Design 2008 Golf course with the most beautiful Par 5 hole in Vietnam | Vietnam Golf Association and Vietnam Golf Magazine Golf Course with the Most Beautiful Natural Landscape in Vietnam | Vietnam Golf Association and Vietnam Golf Magazine 2009 Most Beautiful Golf Course in Vietnam | Vietnam Golf Association and Vietnam Golf Magazine Golf Course with Best Service in Vietnam | Vietnam Golf Association and Vietnam Golf Magazine 2011 Golf Course with Best Caddy Service in Vietnam | Vietnam Golf Association and Vietnam Golf Magazine 2015 Best Golf Course in Vietnam 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 | ASIA Golf Magazine 2017 Golf Course with Best Caddy 2017 | Vietnam Golf Association and Vietnam Golf Magazine 2018 Prestigious Peak Glory Award for Best Golf Course in the Asia-Pacific region Opening of BRG Kings Course 2019 Best golf course serving tourists Vietnam 2020 Best Golf Course in Vietnam | Global Golf Awards 2022 Best Golf Course in Vietnam – 2nd Runner Up | Asian Golf Awards


Van Tri Golf Course

Address: Kim No, Kim No Commune, Dong Anh District, Hanoi City

Northern Vietnam has many different golf courses, however Van Tri golf course is still highly appreciated by many people. Opened in 2007, this place still attracts a large number of golfers to experience every day. Van Tri golf course was designed by famous architect Peter Rousseau of P + Z Design Company, the course has 18 holes and began operating in 2007. Van Tri Golf Club is also known as The first private and international standard golf course in Vietnam. The course has a beautiful natural landscape, designed in harmony with the natural elements of water, sand, grass and trees, creating unique features for each hole and the characteristics of the golf course. Van Tri Hanoi. Van Tri Golf Club – Van Tri golf course is located in Kim No commune, Dong Anh district, Hanoi. This golf course is invested by Noble Vietnam Co., Ltd. (a 100% foreign-invested enterprise, established in 2003) with Chairman Mr. Kim Woo Choong. Located in Dong Anh district, this Hanoi golf course is only a 40-minute drive from the city center and only a 20-minute drive from Noi Bai airport. This ideal location helps golfers easily move around and play golf during the day. Not only is it easy to move around, this is also an ideal place for golfers to experience an international golf course in Hanoi. The course was designed by famous architect Peter Rousseau of P + Z Design Company. Van Tri golf course has 18 holes, 72 Par with a length of 7200 yards from the champion tee, 6700 yards from the green tee. . The large yard area, combined with clever design according to the natural terrain of sand traps, bushes, and natural lakes, helps increase challenges for golfers playing here. The unique characteristics of each golf hole require golfers to carefully calculate each shot to have the most appropriate approach. Van Tri golf course is characterized by wide fairways and lay-up areas that are easily noticeable in some holes, but the rewards from risky long shots are extremely valuable. The course has a few outstandingly designed holes, of which hole number 4 is one of the most beautiful Par 3 holes here. The hole measures 174 yards from the green tees with good views from various locations in the clubhouse and a bit of a challenge on difficult tee shots. Hole 16 has a series of sand traps and water traps that create difficulty for golfers. Hole 18 continues to have water traps and difficult sand traps that create challenges for players to conquer. It can be said that Van Tri golf course not only has a great design, a lush green landscape that draws the eye in the green of nature, and special privacy, only for members, so it retains its uniqueness. of nature. According to professional golfers, Van Tri golf course is a worthy place for golfers to experience golf in Hanoi.


Long Bien Golf Course

Address: Regiment 918, Phuc Dong Ward, Long Bien District, Hanoi City

Located right in the center of Hanoi city, Long Bien Golf Course is the "first and only open golf course" in the Northern region with 27 golf courses according to PGA standards, designed by Nelson & Haworth Golf Course Company. Architects - one of the world's leading professional golf course design companies. Converging all the convenient, most advanced and most modern values, Long Bien Golf Course is considered the perfect choice for all Golf lovers. Always be confident and assert your advantage with the strengths of geographical location, beautiful 27-hole Golf Course landscape down to every detail and facilities equipped according to international standards. Long Bien Golf Course is built on gentle sloping terrain, with deep and low places. Each course is designed according to different difficulty standards, creating different terrain levels for players to see. Long Bien Golf Course with international standard lighting system will bring players endless excitement when enjoying the wonderful experiences of Night game. This is a major breakthrough in the Golf Course system in Vietnam, helping golfers to play their favorite sport without time restrictions and creating excitement for players when they can start. Tee-off later and end the round under the lights with a feeling of relaxation and entertainment after stressful working hours. Not only is it widely known as the largest Club Building in Vietnam, this place is also considered the heart and soul of Long Bien Golf Course. With a campus area of ​​up to 10,000 m2, the Club Building is designed in a semi-classical style with 5-star equipment and amenities imported directly from Europe and America, including Locker rooms. Men, Women's Locker room, Alacarte Restaurant, VIP Room, Wine Cellar. In particular, the 3rd floor of the building is the Long Bien Palace Wedding and Convention Center with a capacity of more than 1,500 people, both a place to serve golf events and conferences, and an ideal place to mark the occasion. the sublimation of love between lovebirds.


Hanoi Ciputra Golf Course

Address: Ciputra Hanoi International City, Xuan Dinh Ward, Bac Tu Liem District, Hanoi City

Hanoi Ciputra Golf Course, part of Ciputra Club - an 11,000 square meter sports and entertainment center in Hanoi with modern, high-end equipment and open space in harmony with nature. Hanoi Ciputra Golf Course has the largest LGA Golf training academy in the world. New golfers often choose Ciputra because it has the best tools to guide and support learning to play today. Among them are Trackman, Gasp Lap... In addition, when registering as a student here, you will also have the opportunity to participate in golf training courses by PGA-certified golf experts. Golf practice range in Hanoi Golf Ciputra possesses modern facilities with up to 38 practice lanes facing a lake up to 300 yards long; chipping area with natural sandpit; Putting green area with an area of ​​300m2 and Pro-shop - a place that provides a full range of golf equipment and toys from many famous brands.


BRG Golf Course

Address: 200 Yen Phu, Yen Phu Ward, Tay Ho District, Hanoi City

Located on the campus of Thang Loi Hotel near West Lake, BRG Golf Center is the first golf practice course in Hanoi with Jack Nicklaus's teaching method. A special feature of this golf course is the golf training motto that has attracted many beginners to practice golf. Each new player will be given specific instructions to improve the most appropriate playing technique. That is also Jack Nicklaus's method, helping golfers recognize their own strengths. In addition, with high quality infrastructure, this is also a familiar meeting place for many good golfers. And BRG Golf Center also regularly has special offers and prices for its members. BRG Golf Center with a total area of ​​1,700m2 with many support function rooms, 36 fairways/tees spread over 3 hectares and sand traps facing West Lake along with 147 ball analysis floors according to Academy standards Nicklaus Global. BRG Golf Center also offers all-day dining service at the Vi Bar overlooking the romantic West Lake. Golf shop with golf products from the world's leading brands.


Hang Day Stadium

Address: 9 Trinh Hoai Duc, Cat Linh Ward, Dong Da District, Hanoi City

Hang Day Stadium is a stadium located on Trinh Hoai Duc Street, Hanoi, Vietnam with a capacity of about 22,580 seats. Before My Dinh National Stadium, Hang Day was the venue for matches of the Vietnam National Football Team as well as women's and Olympic teams. This is also where many sporting and cultural events of Hanoi and Vietnam are held. In 1998, the opening matches, group B and final of the Tiger Cup took place here. During the period from 2000 to 2006, Hang Day Stadium was renamed Hanoi Stadium. Hang Day Stadium is currently the home stadium of Hanoi, Viettel and Phu Dong.


TCKT Tennis Court of the Ministry of Public Security

Address: 280 Lac Long Quan, Buoi Ward, Tay Ho District, Hanoi City

TCKT Tennis Court of the Ministry of Public Security is one of the courts with good quality and affordable price, promising to be one of the interesting destinations for sports lovers. TCKT Tennis Court of the Ministry of Public Security - another option for tennis fans in Tay Ho area, Hanoi. At the TCKT Tennis Court of the Ministry of Public Security, there are 2 tennis courts parallel to each other, ensuring full amenities for playing tennis. The field's dimensions meet standards and is periodically painted with striped colors, ensuring the field is always new, fair, and of good quality for all players. Due to the quality features, tennis fans should not miss this address to practice health and endurance. Come to the TCKT Tennis Court of the Ministry of Public Security to set up a court for a passionate tennis session.


FLC Golf practice ground

Address: Golfnet Sports Complex, Le Duc Tho Street, My Dinh 2 Ward, Nam Tu Liem District, Hanoi City

FLC Golf Net is one of the largest golf courses in Hanoi with a very convenient location - My Dinh area. FLC Golf Net with its airy, spacious and professional practice space will provide golfers with the most suitable playing conditions. With more than 500 members and thousands of regular golfers, FLC Golf Net is an ideal destination for those who are just starting out and want to hone and exchange more golf skills. FLC Golf Net spreads over an area of ​​3 hectares, along with a modern and advanced service system such as golf training academy, proshop, restaurant system, coffee, etc. Considered as one of the locations The largest golf course today with 90 indoor tee lines with roofs and cooling systems, 10 separate lines for left-handed players, 5 outdoor tee lines on natural grass for professional golfers, …FLC Golfnet 2 is invested and managed by FLC International Investment Joint Stock Company (FLC Global), an enterprise specializing in investment, trade, services, training, tourism and sports. FLC Global's charter capital is 260 billion VND. With an area of ​​more than 3 hectares, the length of the field is more than 400 yards and the width is more than 200 yards. This training ground has modern, luxurious facilities and professional services. FLC Golfnet 2 golf driving range has a convenient traffic location, modern invested technical infrastructure, meeting first-class standards (with a total investment of 20 billion VND), a copper support service system. Departments such as golf training academy, pro shop, restaurant system, coffee corner... FLC Golfnet 2 is a synchronous and continuous practice and entertainment area for golf lovers right in the heart of Hanoi. Noi. The golf practice area includes 90 indoor tee lines with roofs and cooling systems, facing a carefully planted and cared for outdoor grass field, 05 target greens with many distances, the furthest being 300m, creating Golfers feel like they are hitting the ball on a real golf course. There are also 5 outdoor tee lines on natural grass for professional golfers. At FLC Golfnet 2, there are also 10 separate practice lines for left-handers. Chipping, putting and bunker areas are of the same standard and size as a standard golf course. With a synchronous and diverse design, the FLC Golfnet 2 golf practice field has enough capacity to meet the practice needs of all subjects and all levels from basic to advanced. This is a truly ideal place for those who love golf or don't know anything about golf but want to try this sport.


Hai Minh artificial turf football field

Address: D5 Street, Le Hong Phong Ward, Phu Ly City, Ha Nam

Hai Minh artificial turf football field has a total area of ​​8,540m2, of which the football field area is nearly 6,000m2; The rest are parking lots, administration buildings, trees... The field is made of high-tech artificial grass, with a modern lighting system according to international standards to serve both matches taking place at night and outside. Multiple matches can be held at the same time. According to the structure, the field is divided into 4 adjacent small football fields to serve a squad of 14 players. When necessary, it can be merged into a football field for 22 players. The Hai Minh artificial turf football field project was completed and put into use, contributing to promoting physical training for students and people in the region.


Kim Bang Ha Nam golf course

Address: Residential Group No. 5, Ba Sao Town, Kim Bang District, Ha Nam

Kim Bang Ha Nam golf course (English name: Stone Valley Golf and Resort) is one of the largest international golf courses in Vietnam with a unique design and the largest investment capital. More than just a golf course, this is also a high-end resort complex meeting international standards serving tourists with hundreds of different amenities. The golf course was built in Ba Sao town, Kim Bang district, Ha Nam province and is only about 60km from Hanoi center with a 1.5 hour drive. The golf course is located in the Tam Chuc tourist area - a famous tourist destination in Ha Nam, known for the beauty of the valleys, lakes and mountains, which is considered a "Ha Long Bay on the sky". "land" of Ha Nam province. With an area of ​​nearly 200 hectares, talented architect Brian Curley of Schmidt - Curley design company has turned this place into a large-scale 36-hole Stone Valley resort unprecedented in Ha Nam and promises to become into one of the most beautiful golf courses in Vietnam. The design is a perfect combination of location, natural landscape as well as materials to create an impressive Kim Bang golf course. The combination of artificial quarries along with wetlands, water, grass fields, sand and rocks and natural rock areas creates a wonderful scene when viewed from above. Not only building a classy golf area, Truong An Golf Company also invested in building an international standard resort. Therefore, in the design, architect Brian Curley interwoven green tree systems and artificial lakes with resorts. When coming to Kim Bang golf course, you can also easily visit and admire the scenery of Ngang Stream flowing through. Kim Bang golf course also has many modern amenities with a Clubhouse located on a hill with a luxurious, European design. The Club House has 9 front sides with extremely open views. If you stand from here, you will admire the beautiful view of the golf course as well as see almost the entire terrain of the golf holes. Kim Bang Ha Nam golf course is truly a destination not to be missed for all professional and amateur golfers who come here to experience, try out and enjoy the best class services.


Ha Nam Provincial Sports Stadium

Address: Provincial Road 9711, Phu Hoan Village, Tien Hiep Commune, Phu Ly City, Ha Nam

Ha Nam multi-purpose stadium was started on December 26, 2012, completed on December 4, 2014, on an area of ​​120 hectares. The stadium is 5 floors high, with a total floor area of ​​over 50,000 m2. The Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism took over the project in 2014. The stadium has hosted three international volleyball tournaments: Asian Women's Club Championship 2015, VTV Cup 2016, Asian Men's Volleyball Tournament 2017 Besides, there are a few sporting events in the province, said Mr. Tran Quoc Toan, Deputy Director of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Ha Nam province. The stadium's field is 50x70 m wide and can organize all indoor sports. The grandstand has about 7,000 seats. The dome has a modern design, allowing natural light and ventilation. The stadium is invested more than 1,000 billion VND. The modern equipment system includes air conditioning, electronic boards, sound and lighting... meeting international competition standards. The arena is connected to the municipality by several routes. The left route runs in front of the stadium, the newly opened middle route runs into the center of Phu Ly city and on the right is the old National Highway 1A.


Soc Trang Provincial Culture and Sports Center



Soc Trang Provincial Culture and Sports Center is a unit under the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism of Soc Trang. The Center has the function of training and coaching sports athletes and organizing fitness activities. sport. The center has a spacious location, swimming pool, multi-purpose gymnasium, Judo club, tennis court, basketball court, gym, public sports equipment... It is a place where regular events are held. provincial sporting events


262 Gym Center



262 Gym Center at 262 Nguyen Van Linh, Ward 2, Soc Trang City regularly organizes Gym and Aerobic classes; Zumba fitness; Dance kids; Dance sport; Artistic dance Come and experience with the 262 Gym Center coaching team, rich in experience in the field of weight loss and weight gain. As long as you are determined, our team will accompany you throughout your journey to find physical beauty


Nhut Phong Gym



Operating hours are from 05:00 to 20:30, every day of the week. The gym is spacious, clean, airy, fully equipped with training equipment, and an enthusiastic and attentive coach.


Phan Dinh Phung Gym & Fitness Club



Phan Dinh Phung Gym & Fitness Club owns a spacious and airy training space. The gym is also fully equipped with modern, advanced machinery to serve all training needs from strengthening arms, buttocks, thighs, eliminating belly fat, and training endurance. …When participating in training courses at Phan Dinh Phung Gym & Fitness Club, you will also be guided enthusiastically by a team of experienced and humorous trainers. With solid professional knowledge about gyms, coaches at Phan Dinh Phung Gym & Fitness Club will advise and support you in the most methodical way on movements, diets that provide adequate nutrition, This is extremely important and useful for those who are just starting to go to the gym to have a standard body and good health. If you want to lose weight, the latest exercise trends on effective weight loss, direct advice from experts and countless useful health information are always updated. Coaches will help. You arrange and arrange a scientific weight loss program to best suit your condition and goals. Thanks to that, you will accurately perform intensive fat loss and muscle toning exercises and save up to 70% of time as well as achieve completely successful weight loss results.


Gym F3



With effort and determination, we hope to reach and serve members more and more effectively. F3 Gym has built a training service process to ensure members can feel secure in training to get good results. best results. F3 gym always offers the highest policies and benefits for members, especially long-term loyal members. Along with many incentive programs for members' relatives when participating in the exercise program with F3 Gym. With steady steps, full of confidence and achieving certain successes, F3 Gym is never complacent but continues to strive constantly to always be a close friend and bring the rights best benefits for members, a friend who always thinks about members and always for members with the motto "born to serve"


XGYM Fitness & Yoga



XGYM Fitness & Yoga is considered by students to be one of the prestigious and quality sports centers. XGYM Fitness & Yoga is one of the gyms with carefully invested space and facilities. The most modern and advanced Tan An, Long An. pleases you. Each person comes to XGYM Fitness & Yoga with a different purpose, some of you want to achieve a slim body, some of you want to improve your endurance, help yourself function better and be more supple at work. In some other subjects, some customers simply do physical training to help improve their health or establish a more active habit for life... Whatever the reason, XGYM Fitness & Yoga is always ready. Support, help, best meet all your needs.


Golden Heath Fitness Center



With the desire to meet the increasing needs of improving the physical fitness and appearance of practitioners, Golden Health Fitness Center was born as an ideal meeting place for those interested in health and beauty needs. The gym is fully equipped with modern machines and a team of professional and dedicated trainers. If you are looking for a high-end, effective but not expensive gym, Golden Health is the perfect choice.


Victoria Gym Rach Gia

Address: 1084 - 1086 Nguyen Trung Truc, An Binh Ward, Rach Gia City, Kien Giang

Gym is not a sport, it is a lifestyle. We are here to change people's lifestyles! That is the slogan of Victory Gym Rach Gia. Victory Gym Rach Gia owns a quite spacious and airy space, a reputable training place for those who want to find a quality gym. The coaching team always updates their knowledge to serve a wide range of customers and increasingly improve the quality of teaching. With a reasonable cost, Victory Gym promises to be an ideal training place for young people


South England Sports Club



Nam Anh TT Club provides a sports playground for tourists and residents in Phu Quoc. We are proud to be chosen as a favorite place to play tennis, shuttlecock, and soccer. This place receives a lot of compliments from visitors such as the new beautiful yard, very bright lights, great playing, surrounded by many amenities: swimming pool, cafe, gym, artificial turf soccer field, hotel, reasonable prices. fit.


Pullman Fit (part of Pullman Resort)



The gym is located on the first floor of the main building with views of the garden and swimming pool. The spacious and airy rooms and quiet space bring many interesting experiences to customers. The fitness room is equipped with modern equipment combined with effective exercises that will help you find positive energy to achieve peak performance. Both gym and yoga rooms have professional instructors, so visitors will definitely be able to practice with the correct sequence and technique. Facilitators are always available to create a systematic instruction program specifically for beginner travelers. The sauna and jacuzzi are always ready to serve you after tiring workouts. Because at Pullman, nothing is more important than your health and well-being. Open 24 hours daily


Iron Gym Phu Quoc



IRON GYM Phu Quoc - High-end fitness center in Phu Quoc with the mission of bringing "proactive" thinking to the community to have a healthy body. With modern machinery and gym systems, the YOGA space is fresh and airy. You will really feel the change in your body and mood when exercising in a community of people who always love physical beauty and a body that attracts the eyes of those around you. Coming to IRON GYM Phu Quoc, there will be no dust or traffic noise, only a team of professional coaches always by your side to provide meticulous and dedicated support. Create a workout plan to lose fat and gain muscle to help you succeed on your path to achieving your desired fitness goals. At IRON GYM Phu Quoc you will have 7 days of FREE training to freely experience all subjects: Gym, Yoga, Kickfit, Sauna,... Locker system, wifi, free parking, private gym, Convenient bathroom. In addition, there is also a cafe relaxation area after tiring hours of exercise. So what are you waiting for? Come to IRON GYM Phu Quoc now to register to become a student and experience attractive incentives!


Ken Gym Fitness Center



Ken Gym Fitness Center is proud to be a high-class gym with top modern imported equipment in the Phu Quoc area. The center also has a team of trainers with profound expertise who will help you choose the right exercise and advise you on a suitable nutrition regimen for your body to help you have the most effective exercise regimen. Coming to Ken Gym Fitness Center, you will experience the most luxurious gym on Phu Quoc Pearl Island. Ken Gym Fitness Center is truly a reliable address for you to have the opportunity to practice, improve your health and change your physique. yours as desired. Outstanding advantages:


Top Gym



TOP GYM with many different training areas including walking, cycling, jogging, etc. With genuine imported modern machinery, the machines are always new and checked daily to ensure the best training process. When we set foot here, the first thing we will see is a very professional, cheerful and enthusiastic reception desk. TOP GYM is kept very carefully cleaned, ensuring hygiene for the students. With enthusiastic support from coaches and current equipment, gymers will quickly learn how to practice and use machines, helping to bring the highest possible training efficiency. In addition, the gym has full amenities (bathroom, wardrobe, air conditioning...) to meet the maximum needs of practitioners.


Gym World 4



The World Of GYM 4 - The World GYM 4 is not simply a sports training service in Phu Quoc but also a person who takes care of and cares for the health of each student practicing here. The World Of GYM 4 - The World Of GYM 4 is one of the gyms that is considered beautiful and clean with modern machinery and equipment. Coming to The World Of GYM 4 - The World Of GYM 4 you will experience the quality of service and the most effective training curriculum. A team of enthusiastic, professional, well-trained coaches, regularly maintained gym equipment and carefully selected classes, to bring students great experiences. . If you are experiencing problems such as being overweight, underweight or have body pain, or have any health problems, come to The World Of GYM 4 - The World Of GYM 4 to receive an exercise program.


Phu Quoc Gym



Phu Quoc Gym is one of the most modern and luxurious gyms in Phu Quoc today. The gym's team of trainers is ready to support and solve all the needs that customers want (weight loss, weight gain, muscle gain, relaxation...). The exercises are designed from simple to complex, bringing many unexpected benefits that you cannot ignore, helping to improve your spirit. In addition, when you come to Phu Quoc Gym, you will also experience personal training service (1:1) for each student. Helping you achieve the best results when exercising, our team of experienced and dedicated coaches will help you create a training program and closely monitor your daily diet to help you quickly achieve optimal results. .


Boss Gym Phu Quoc



If you are looking for the most reliable place to exercise in Phu Quoc, come to BOSS GYM. The center's goal is to improve health and exercise performance for students, helping people have a better life and physique change will come as an inevitable result. At BOSS GYM, the gym is spacious, airy, fully equipped with modern equipment and a team of professional and enthusiastic fitness coaches will help students achieve results beyond their expectations in the shortest time. In particular, before starting to practice at BOSS GYM, you will receive the most detailed health advice, designing for you the most scientific self-management training system to create a source of motivation. push people to come to the center regularly to achieve good health and ideal body shape goals. Both fun and good health. Then why don't you come to BOSS GYM Phu Quoc immediately?


An Binh Yoga Club



Like zumba, aerobics, and gym, yoga is currently attracting the attention of women. With methods and exercises suitable for each age, yoga not only helps learners stay in shape and lose weight, but also helps relax the mind and increase composure. Ms. Hoang Thi Thanh Tan, coach of An Binh Yoga Club, Vi Thanh city, said: "Unlike other sports, yoga requires learners to be patient and not be too hasty in showing off. You need to be careful, gradual, and slow in each exercise to achieve high efficiency. Therefore, yoga is very suitable for those who are often under pressure and stress and want peace and relaxation, and for those who want a flexible body and beautiful yoga postures." According to coaches, to practice aerobics, gym, and yoga effectively, practitioners must maintain regular exercise; Exercises must have correct technique and posture, every day for 40-60 minutes. During exercise, you need to eat and drink enough nutrients for the body to develop balance.


Gym Tuan Anh



“There are some people who only wish to wear a Bodysuit once in their whole life. Actually, no one forbids it, they just don't have enough confidence to wear it. The starting point is something that cannot be chosen. The past is also unchangeable, but the present will determine the future. Yes, even if I try, I won't be able to be as good as others, but I will definitely be better than myself in the present. You have to walk to find a way, you have to walk to know how many potholes there are and find a way to overcome them. IF YOU DON'T GO AND ARE AFRAID OF FALLING, IF YOU JUST LISTEN TO OTHER PEOPLE'S THREATS, YOU WILL NEVER REACH THE FINAL LINE OF CONFIDENCE.” These are the words found on the Facebook page of Gym Tuan Anh (Hau Giang). If you are not confident in the beauty of your body, come to Gym Tuan Anh to receive positive energy.


Gym Kha Han



Kha Han gym is one of the attractive fitness and bodybuilding training places in Vi Thanh city. On average, the gym welcomes about 150-170 people per day of all ages to participate in training. The gym will be open 2 times, morning from 5-8 am, afternoon from 2-8 pm. Coming here at every training session, you can see the vibrant and exciting training atmosphere. Students are guided by experienced coaches, with exercises from basic to advanced, helping practitioners improve their skills. Increase physical strength and maintain physical beauty.


Thuan Tran Gym



Thuan Tran Gym is a name mentioned quite a lot by Gymers. Although there are still certain difficulties, Thuan Tran Gym still focuses on investing in facilities with the desire to create the most comfortable and effective gym environment for students. The equipment and machinery system at Thuan Tran Gym are also imported from Impulse, a famous and high-quality brand worldwide. Gym exercise courses at Thuan Tran Gym are built in very detailed and methodical ways to suit each student.


Gym Phuong Anh



In terms of facilities, it's not as good as other gyms or clubs, but the general area is still quite adequate. And currently, we have been trying to provide modern machines to ensure customers can practice the best. This place is rumored by many gymers to have dedicated and professional coaches. Furthermore, reasonable tuition fees are also a plus point.


G8 Gym - Yoga



No one can control the whole world out there, but they can control their own world through Gym. Come and practice to have good health for yourself. Why should you choose G8 Gym - Yoga


Space Gym KonTum






Ba Dinh Gym 1






NT5 Fitness & Yoga Center






Olympic GYM & Fitness Club






Kingsport Fitness Hue Gym






Royal Fitness Center






Au Lac Fitness Center






Infinity Gym & Fitness






X-GYM Fitness & Zumba






Fitness club STU Gym - Thanh Hoa






Dong Bac Fitness and Yoga Center - Thanh Hoa






Phoenix Fitness & Yoga Thanh Hoa






Thanh Phuong Fitness Club






Captain Fitness Center






Dream Fitness






Bluefit Club






Saigon Fitness Quang Ngai






Thanh Phuong Gym Club






Tuan Tu Gym & Fitness






Gym Huy Loc






Chau Ta Gym - Fitness






Times Plus Fitness & Yoga Pleiku Gia Lai






NT Center Gia Lai






Gym Hoang Nhu






Tuan Toan Fitness Center






Hong My Gym Club






Hoang Dung Fitness & Kick Boxing Center






Active Fitness & Yoga






The One Fitness & Yoga Gianh Thuy






Thien Vuong Gym Club






Cathay Fitness






Quang Binh Swimming Pool Gym






F5 Fitness And Shivom Yoga & Dance






Lan Anh Center






Da Lat Resource Gym






Gym Spa Rosy Dalat






Spartan Fitness And Yoga Nha Trang






California Fitness & Yoga's Nha Trang Gym






PT GYM - Nha Trang Women's Gym






K Fitness Private Training






Power Gym






GymStar Fitness Club






Diamond - Fitness & Yoga Center






Gym-Yoga-Zumba BMC Ha Tinh






An Phu Gym Center






Gym Center






British Gym fitness club






Beautiful gym Tan Phat Gym & Fitness






Gym BMT Shop






H2K Shop






Phong Sport






Hoang Tien Sport






The City Gym






TA Galaxy Fitness & Yoga Center Family






Fitness Center Council






Funny Fitness & Yoga Center






California Fitness & Yoga in Da Nang






Quoc Thi Fitness and Yoga






Gym Fitness Mui Ne






S Fitness Phan Thiet






Gym – Fitness Club






Thanh Thai Fitness Club, Bac Lieu






Hop Pho Gym



As a gym located on Long Dien street, Dong Hai city, this is a quite famous gym. This place mainly attracts a large number of girls, women, and especially middle-aged girls to participate in the practice.


Bac Lieu City Sports Center



Bac Lieu Sports Center is located at: No. 546, Vo Thi Sau Street, Ward 3, Bac Lieu City. It is a revenue-generating public service unit, has legal status, has its own seal and can open accounts at the treasury and state bank. country to operate according to state regulations and accounting according to Decree No. 43/2006/ND-CP of the Government. The Sports Center is under the direct and comprehensive direction of the City People's Committee; At the same time, it is subject to the direction, inspection, and professional guidance of the Department of Culture, Sports and Tourism.


Cana Gym






Best Gym



Have you ever heard the saying: "Health is gold, being both healthy and beautiful is fairy". No matter how busy you are, try to arrange time to exercise for yourself. in the city. Cao Lanh is a reliable address for you to choose. There is a spacious gym, full equipment and a team of enthusiastic and professional coaches. With a civilized, modern training environment, Best Gym creates a relaxing space to help members achieve the most serious state of concentration when exercising. Try it out and you'll see how great exercise can be. Many people are satisfied, what about you?


Gym Café