Traveling to Sapa but don't know where to go? Discover now the most famous tourist destinations in the foggy city: 1. Cat Cat Village 2. Muong Hoa Valley 3. Love Waterfall 4. Sapa Heaven Gate 5. Sapa Square 6. Sapa Stone Church 7 Praying for Sapa 8. Ta Phin village 9. Ta Van village



Ha Long Bay belongs to which province of our country? Ha Long Bay is one of the famous tourist destinations of Quang Ninh province.


What is there to do in Quang Ninh tourism? Quang Ninh attracts tourists from near and far with Ha Long Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Co To Island, Van Don, Yen Tu Mountain,... and other famous landscapes


Summary of Hai Phong tourist attractions you should not miss when visiting Cang Street 1. Do Son Beach 2. Cat Ba National Park 3. Lan Ha Bay 4. Bach Long Vi Island 5. Hai Phong Museum 6 Cat Bi Market 7. Elephant Mountain 8. Astronomy Hill


Where should you go when traveling to Lao Cai? Top tourist destinations of Lao Cai province: Bac Ha market, Y Ty, Bach Moc Luong Tu, Nhiu Co San, O Quy Ho pass,...


Where should you go when traveling to Vinh Phuc? Top tourist destinations of Vinh Phuc province: Tam Dao, Dai Lai lake, Truc Lam Tay Thien monastery, Binh Son tower, 79 spring hill, Xa Huong lake, Dam Vac tourist area,...


Where should you go when traveling to Ninh Binh? Top tourist destinations of Ninh Binh province: Trang An scenic complex, Bai Dinh pagoda, Mua cave, Hoa Lu ancient capital, Thung Nham, Van Long lagoon,...


How many square kilometers is Hanoi? 3,360km2 Why does Hanoi have 36 streets? This is the conventional way of calling the Old Quarter because in 1748 King Le Hien Tong divided Thang Long capital into 36 areas, belonging to two districts of Vinh Xuong and Quang Duc. How many Hang streets does Hanoi have? 48 Hang Street. What is Hanoi's population? About 8.33 million people. What beautiful scenes does Hanoi have? Sword Lake, West Lake, Ba Dinh Square, Hanoi Old Quarter, Tran Quoc Pagoda,... What places to hang out in Hanoi? Walking Street, Dong Xuan Market, Ta Hien Street, West Lake Water Park,... What to do in Hanoi? Walking Street, Quang Ba Flower Market, Shopping Center, Amusement Park, Yen So Park, Times City Amusement Park,... What do you need to prepare when traveling to Hanoi? Personal belongings, cameras, maps, backup chargers, medical supplies, citizen identification cards, ATM cards,... What's there to do in the suburbs of Hanoi? Ba Vi National Park, Suoi Tien Green Bay, Thien Son Suoi Nga, Bao Son Zen Hall, Cultural Village of Vietnamese Ethnic Groups,... Where to go when traveling to Hanoi in 1 day by bus? Thu Le Park, Yen So Park, Sword Lake, Ba Dinh Square, Dong Xuan Market, Long Bien Bridge,... Where to go when traveling to Hanoi for 1 day by motorbike? Uncle Ho's Mausoleum, VinKe & Vinpearl Aquarium Times City, Tram Mountain, Ham Lon Mountain, Ban Xoi Valley, Quan Son Lake, Duong Lam ancient village. Bat Trang pottery village,... What dishes is Hanoi famous for? Snail vermicelli, Pho, Bun cha, Banh cuon, Pho roll, Xoi khuc,... What to eat in winter in Hanoi? Hot banh doc, banh troi tau, hot banh gio, quim, hot pot, grilled corn and potatoes,... What month is autumn in Hanoi? August to October Experience riding a double-decker bus in Hanoi You should go early in the morning or late in the evening to avoid harsh sunlight, prepare an umbrella, hat or raincoat to prevent bad weather.


Where should you go when traveling to Phu Tho? Top tourist destinations of Phu Tho province: Hung Temple relics, Thanh Son tea hill, Tam Giang temple, Ao Chau lagoon, Ly lake, Thanh Thuy hot spring, Van Lang park,...


Where should you go when traveling to Bac Ninh? Top tourist destinations of Bac Ninh province: Phat Tich Pagoda, But Thap Pagoda, Dau Pagoda, Ba Chua Kho Temple, Bac Ninh Ancient Citadel, Do Temple, Luy Lau Ancient Citadel,...


Where should you go when traveling to Ha Giang? Top tourist destinations of Ha Giang province: Lung Cu flagpole, Ma Pi Leng pass, Nho Que river, Meo king's mansion, Dong Van ancient town, Sung La valley, Hoang Su Phi range,...


Where should you go when traveling to Ha Nam? Top tourist destinations in Ha Nam 2023: Tam Chuc Pagoda, Luon Cave, Phuc Long Cave, Ba Den Mountain, Vu Dai Village, Ngoc Mountain,...


Where should you go when traveling to Ha Nam? Top tourist destinations in Ha Nam 2023: Tam Chuc Pagoda, Luon Cave, Phuc Long Cave, Ba Den Mountain, Vu Dai Village, Ngoc Mountain,...


Where should you go when traveling to Hue? Top tourist destinations of Thua Thien Hue province: Hue ancient capital complex, tombs of the Nguyen kings, Ngu Binh mountain, Trang Tien bridge, Thien An hill,...


Which region of our country does Da Nang belong to? Da Nang belongs to the Mid-Central region, a province directly under the central government of our country. How many seasons does Da Nang have? Da Nang belongs to the tropical monsoon climate zone but unlike the Northern provinces, Da Nang's climate is not clearly divided into 4 distinct seasons but divided into 2 main seasons: Rainy Season (August - December); Dry Season (January - July) What to do in Da Nang for 1 day? 10 most famous tourist destinations in Da Nang during the day: 1. My Khe Beach 2. Son Tra Peninsula 3. Ba Na Hills tourist area 4. Dragon Bridge Da Nang 5. Love Bridge 6. River swing bridge Han 7. Museum of Cham Sculpture What to do when traveling to Da Nang? Top 10 tourist destinations in Da Nang you should visit once when traveling to Da Nang: 1. Ba Na Hills 2. Son Tra Peninsula 3. Ngu Hanh Son Mountain 4. Da Nang Han Market 5. Than Hot Mineral Springs Tai 6. Champa Sculpture Museum 7. Nam O Reef 8. Han River Swing Bridge 9. Da Nang Dragon Bridge 10. Art in Paradise 3D Museum List of the most beautiful tourist areas in Da Nang 1. Tourist area Ba Na Hills tour 2. Than Tai hot spring 3. Hoa Phu Thanh tourist area 4. Nam O beach 5. Yen Retreat Da Nang 6. Xuan Thieu tourist area Da Nang 7. Flower stream Da Nang 8. Tourist area Hoa Bac Da Nang tour 9. Ha Gia Da Nang tourism 10. Suoi Luong tourist area What to eat when traveling to Da Nang? Explore Da Nang cuisine with specialty dishes that attract visitors from all over: 1. Da Nang pancakes 2. Nam O fish salad 3. Da Nang mussel rice 4. Pork rice paper rolls 5. Da Nang Quang noodles 6 . Spicy braised goby Top beautiful temples in Da Nang 1. Linh Ung Pagoda Son Tra 2. Nam Son Pagoda 3. Pho Da Pagoda 4. Linh Ung Pagoda Ba Na 5. Bo De Zen Monastery 6. Bat Nha Pagoda 7 . Quan Am Pagoda Da Nang 8. Phap Lam Pagoda Beaches that should not be missed when traveling to Da Nang 1. My Khe Beach 2. Non Nuoc Beach 3. Nam O Reef Beach 4. Lang Co Beach 5. Beach Rang Da Nang The most beautiful bridges in Da Nang! 1. Han River Swing Bridge 2. Tran Thi Ly Bridge 3. Golden Bridge Da Nang 4. Love Bridge Da Nang 5. Dragon Bridge 6. Thuan Phuoc Bridge


When traveling to Hoi An, where should you go? 1. Tan Ky Ancient House 2. Covered Bridge 3. Phuc Kien Assembly Hall 4. Phung Hung Ancient House 5. Guangzhou Assembly Hall 6. An Bang Beach 7. Bay Mau Coconut Forest 8. Tra Que Vegetable Village 9. Pottery Village Thanh Ha 10. Cu Lao Cham


Where should you go when traveling to Quang Nam? Top tourist destinations of Quang Nam province: Phu Ninh Lake, Hon Kem - Da Dung, Dong Giang tea hill, My Son sanctuary, Tam Thanh mural village,...


1. What are the Da Lat tourist destinations that you should not miss? Top 10 beautiful places in Da Lat that you should visit once: 1. Xuan Huong Lake 2. Tuyen Lam Lake 3. Valley of Love 4. Dalat City Flower Garden 5. Dreamy Hill 6. Tourist area Maple leaf calendar 7. Datanla Waterfall 8. Thien Phuc Duc Hill 9. Lam Vien Square 10. Da Lat Market 2. What are the names of the rattan hunting locations in Da Lat? Top most beautiful cloud hunting locations in Da Lat: 1. Thien Phuc Duc Hill 2. Da Phu Hill 3. Langbiang Peak 4. Hon Bo Peak Da Lat 5. Pinhatt Peak 6. Cau Dat Tea Hill 7. Panorama of Dalat 3 . Which plateau is Da Lat city located on? Da Lat is located on the Lam Vien plateau, one of the rare places in Vietnam with a temperate, cool climate all year round. 4. Which flower gardens should you visit when traveling to Da Lat? Join Dulich3mien in taking a look at the most beautiful flower gardens in Da Lat: 1. City flower garden 2. F flower field 3. Van Thanh flower village 4. Thai Phien flower garden 5. Tuyen Lam lake lavender field 6. Cam flower garden Trai Mat hydrangea 7. Da Lat pink grass hill 8. Lac Duong hydrangea garden 5. Explore the most beautiful pine gardens in Da Lat 1. Tuyen Lam Lake pine forest 2. Than Tho Lake pine forest 3. Pine forest Bao Dai Palace 4. Prenn Pass Pine Forest 5. Pink Grass Hill Pine Forest 6. Top Da Lat tourist areas with many interesting travel experiences 1. Da Lat Robin Hill Cable Car 2. Clay Tunnel 3. Villa Hang Nga 4. Cu Hill Golf Course 5. Zoodoo Zoo 6. Pongour Waterfall 7. Madagui Forest 8. Cu Lan Village Dalat 9. Kombi Land 10. Bac Thang Len Ask God 7. Explore Da Lat at night with the unique tourist destinations 1. Da Lat Night Market 2. Valley of Lights Coffee 3. Hai A Coffee 4. Xuan Huong Lake 5. Acoustic Memory Cafe 6. Dalat Nights 7. Yersin Art Street 8. Go to Da Lat Which season is beautiful? The most ideal time to travel to Da Lat is during the dry season from November to the end of June next year.


1. Lam Dong tourist destinations you should visit once? 1. Pongour Waterfall; 2. Linh Quy Phap An Pagoda; 3. Cau Dat tea hill; 4. Madagui tourist area; 5. Dambri Waterfall


Where should you go when traveling to Binh Dinh? Top tourist destinations of Binh Dinh province: Quy Nhon beach, Ghenh Rang Tien Sa, Eo Gio, Ky Co, Cu Lao Xanh, Thi Nai lagoon, Vi Rong Cape, Hon Kho.


Where should you go when traveling to Khanh Hoa? Top tourist destinations of Khanh Hoa province: Ba Ho Stream, YangBay Waterfall, Suoi Do Pagoda, Tu Van Pagoda,...


1. What are the Nha Trang tourist destinations you should not miss? Top 10 most famous tourist destinations of Nha Trang: 1. VinWonders Nha Trang; 2. Tram Huong Tower; 3. Nha Trang Night Market; 4. Nha Trang Stone Church; 5. Nha Trang Institute of Oceanography; 6. Hon Mun Island; 7. Ponagar Tower; 8. Ninh Van Bay; 9. Monkey Island Nha Trang; 10. Bai Dai


Where should you go when traveling to Phu Yen? Top tourist destinations of Phu Yen province: Bai Xep, Mang Lang church, Dai Lanh lighthouse, Yen island, Thanh Luong pagoda, Van Hoa plateau, Vung Ro bay,...


Where should you go when traveling to Binh Thuan? Top tourist destinations of Binh Thuan province: Co Thach Beach, Ong Dia rock beach, windmill fields, Phu Quy island, Ta Cu mountain, Mui Ne fishing village,...


Where should you go when traveling to Quang Binh? Top tourist destinations of Quang Binh province: Phong Nha - Ke Bang complex, Nhat Le beach, Chay river, Dark cave, Mooc spring, Canh Duong mural village,...


Where should you go when traveling to Thanh Hoa? Top tourist destinations of Thanh Hoa province: Sam Son beach, Lam Kinh relic site, Hai Tien beach, Pu Luong, Ho Dynasty citadel, Cam Luong magic fish stream,...


Where should you go when traveling to Ha Tinh? Thien Cam Beach, Huong Tich Pagoda, Dong Loc intersection, Nguyen Du relic site, Trai Tieu lake,...


Where should you go when traveling to Ha Tinh? Thien Cam Beach, Huong Tich Pagoda, Dong Loc intersection, Nguyen Du relic site, Trai Tieu lake,...


1. What are the hottest tourist destinations in Saigon in 2022? Top 10 fun places in Saigon that you should visit once: 1. Independence Palace 2. Notre Dame Cathedral 3. Ben Thanh Market 4. Nguyen Hue Walking Street 5. Dam Sen Amusement Park 6 . Saigon Starlight Bridge 7. Suoi Tien Park 8. Nha Rong Wharf 9. City Opera House 10. White Rabbit Park 2. Where should you go when traveling to Saigon in 1 day? Explore tourist attractions in Saigon during the day that you should not miss: 1. Notre Dame Cathedral 2. Chinatown 3. Independence Palace 4. Nha Rong Wharf 5. Jade Emperor Pagoda 6. Phap Hoa Pagoda 7 . Ben Thanh Market 8. Bui Vien West Street 3. What are the names of the top 10 beautiful photography locations in Saigon? 1. Saigon Notre Dame Cathedral 2. Khanh An Monastery 3. Nguyen Van Binh Book Street 4. LandMark 81 5. Nguyen Hue Walking Street 6. City Post Office 7. Ba Thien Hau Pagoda 8. City Theater 9. Nghia An Assembly Hall 10. Mong Bridge 4. Where should you go when traveling to Saigon at night? Explore the top 10 hottest nightlife tourist destinations in Saigon: 1. Nguyen Hue Walking Street 2. Nguyen Van Binh Book Street 3. Bui Vien West Street 4. Le Thi Rieng Park 5. Starlight Bridge 6. Hanh Thong Tay Night Market 7. Bitexco Tower 8. Bach Dang Wharf at night 9. Phu My Bridge 5. What are the tourist attractions near Saigon for a complete weekend? Explore tourist destinations in Saigon for a complete weekend: 1. Vietnamese bamboo village tourist area 2. Cu Chi island 3. Binh My riverside tourist area 4. Thuy Chau tourist area 5. Thanh island An 6. Dai Nam tourist area 7. Giang Dien waterfall tourist area 8. Suoi Mo Park 9. Long Hai Beach Vung Tau 10. Tu Phuong That Dao


1. What to do when traveling to Vung Tau? Explore the top 10 most famous Vung Tau tourist destinations: 1. Statue of God with open arms 2. Long Hai Beach 3. Nghinh Phong Cape 4. Con Heo Hill 5. Green stone lake 6. Vung Tau sheep fields 7. Ho Tram 8. Vung Tau Lighthouse 9. Ho Coc 10. Freshwater Pass 2. Explore famous Vung Tau tourist areas Top tourist areas in Vung Tau worth visiting in 2022: 1. Ho Coc tourist area 2 . Ho Tram Vung Tau 3. Ho May Park 4. Freshwater Pass 5. Long Hai Beach 6. White Rabbit Park tourist area 7. Binh Chau Hot Springs 3. Where to go when traveling to Vung Tau 2 days 1 night? Suggested itinerary to explore Vung Tau in 2 days and 1 night: Day 1: Front Beach - Big Mountain + Small Mountain - Bach Dinh - Vung Tau Lighthouse - Upside Down House - Vung Tau Night Market. Day 2: Ho May Park tourist area - Nghinh Phong Cape - Doi Con Heo - Back Beach. 4. What are the most famous check-in locations in Vung Tau? Top 10 beautiful check-in places in Vung Tau: 1. Vung Tau lighthouse 2. Nghinh Phong cape 3. Upside down house Vung Tau 4. Con Heo Hill 5. Tran Phu alley 6. Thach Thao flower garden for Sumo photography 7. Green Stone Lake 8. Marina Marina 9. Statue of Jesus Christ the King 10. Vong Nguyet Beach 5. What to eat when traveling to Vung Tau for a full day of discovery? Top famous Vung Tau specialties that captivate diners from all over: 1. Khot cake 2. Stingray hotpot 3. Salted egg sponge cake 4. Nang's breast snail 5. Sun-kissed squid 6. Mai fish salad 7. Milk Sour - Soft-boiled chicken eggs 8. Squid noodles 9. Almond seed jam 10. Tri Hai fish sauce


1. Where is Phu Quoc Island? Known as Pearl Island, Phu Quoc is the largest island in Vietnam, located in Kien Giang province, 45km from Ha Tien and 120km from Rach Gia. 2. What is the area of ​​Phu Quoc island? According to estimates, Phu Quoc island is about 574km2 wide, the largest island in the sea in Vietnam. 3. What specialties does Phu Quoc have? Top 10 Phu Quoc specialties you should try once: 1. Phu Quoc fish sauce 2. Phu Quoc pepper 3. Phu Quoc myrtle wine 4. Ham Ninh crab specialty 5. Phu Quoc trumpet vermicelli 6. Phu Quoc fried vermicelli 7. Banh tac 8. Grilled mackerel in Phu Quoc 9. Herring salad 10. Melaleuca mushrooms in Phu Quoc 4. Where are the most beautiful beaches when traveling to Phu Quoc? Top 10 most beautiful Phu Quoc beaches: 1. Rach Vem Beach 2. Ganh Dau Beach 3. Phu Quoc Long Beach 4. Hon Mot 5. Sao Beach 6. Truong Beach 7. Khem Phu Quoc Beach 8. Ong Lang Beach 9. Dinh Cau Cape Beach 10. Hon Doi Moi Beach 5. What to do when traveling to Phu Quoc? Top 10 extremely new tourist destinations in Phu Quoc for you to freely explore: 1. Safari Phu Quoc 2. Phu Quoc Coral Park 3. Sunset Sanato Phu Quoc 4. Hon Thom Phu Quoc cable car 5. Suoi Tranh Phu Quoc 6. Phu Quoc Sao Beach 7. Doi Moi Island 8. Ong Lang Beach Phu Quoc 9. Gam Ghi Island 10 May Rut Island 6. Where should you go when traveling to Phu Quoc for 3 days and 2 nights? Day 1: Explore the Sim Garden, Cau Palace, Safari Zoo and Vinwonders Phu Quoc. Day 2: Travel to Hon Thom tourist area, explore Truc Lam Ho Quoc Zen Monastery, Sunset Sanato Phu Quoc. Day 3: Visit Phu Quoc fish sauce processing facility, travel to Suoi Tranh tourist area. 7. Which season is best to travel to Phu Quoc? The most beautiful time to visit Ngoc Island is in the dry season. Starting from the end of October to the beginning of April next year. This time the sea is calm, with few waves, which is the perfect condition for sightseeing and experiential activities


1. Where should you go when traveling to Kien Giang? Explore the top famous tourist destinations of Kien Giang province: 1. Ha Tien; 2. Phu Quoc; 3. Pirate Island; 4. Nam Du Islands; 5. Rach Gia; 6. Ba Lua Islands; 7. U Minh Thuong National Park


Where should you go when traveling to Binh Duong? Top tourist destinations of Binh Duong province: Dai Nam tourist area, Tibetan pagoda, Thuy Chau eco-tourism area, Phu Cuong church, Chau Thoi pagoda,...


Where should you go when traveling to Dong Nai? Top tourist destinations of Dong Nai province: Scorpion Vang tourist area, Giang Dien waterfall, Nam Cat Tien national park, Buu Long tourist area, Vuon Xoai tourist area, Tran Bien Temple of Literature, Tri An lake ,...


Where should you go when traveling to Bac Lieu? Top tourist destinations of Bac Lieu province: Father Diep's tomb house, Bac Lieu windmill field, Nha Mat tourist area, Vinh Hung ancient tower, Bac Lieu prince's house,...


Where should you go when traveling to Tay Ninh? Top tourist destinations of Tay Ninh province: Ba Den Mountain, Tay Ninh Holy See, Ma Thien Lanh tourist area, Binh Thanh ancient tower, Go Chua fruit garden, Nui Da lake,...


Where should you go when traveling to Can Tho? Cai Rang floating market, Ninh Kieu wharf, Bang Lang stork garden, My Khanh tourist area, Ninh Thuy ancient house, Can Tho museum


Where should you go when traveling to Vietnam?
Vietnam possesses thousands of beautiful scenes that make people's hearts flutter, of which some famous tourist destinations in Vietnam include: Phu Quoc, Nha Trang, Da Nang, Hue, Hanoi, Saigon , Binh Dinh.



What month should I travel to Vietnam?
To have the best travel experiences when exploring famous landmarks in Vietnam, the two best times are from February to May or from August to October. This is the time period. There is low rainfall and the temperature is not too high to travel.



What should you eat when traveling to Vietnam?
If you are a fan of delicious food, you can explore the top culinary tourist destinations of the S-shaped country with hundreds of delicious and famous specialties in all four directions in: Hanoi, Saigon. Gon, Hue, Can Tho, Hoi An.



What day is Vietnam tourism day?
July 9, 2022 is the 62nd anniversary of the establishment of Vietnam's tourism industry. The Dulich3mien team has always been proud that since its establishment, it has been and will be a unit providing accurate and detailed travel information to partly contribute to the development of the country's tourism industry.



Where is the most beautiful place to travel in Vietnam?
The most popular destination for tourists in the S-shaped land in 2023: 1. Mu Cang Chai - Yen Bai; 2.Pu Luong - Thanh Hoa; 3. Trang An - Ninh Binh; 4. Hue ancient capital complex; 5. Hoi An – Da Nang; 6. Beautiful beaches in Nha Trang - Khanh Hoa; 7. Phu Quoc Island - Kien Giang; 8. Saigon City; 9. Capital city Hanoi.



Where should you go when traveling to Northern Vietnam?
The North attracts famous Vietnamese tourist destinations that you definitely cannot miss such as:

1 – Hanoi capital

2 – Foggy town of Sapa

3 – Cat Ba Island Hai Phong

4 – Ninh Binh

5 – Tam Dao, Vinh Phuc

6 – Quang Ninh

7 – Tam Chuc Pagoda, Ha Nam

8 – Moc Chau, Son La

9 – Ban Gioc Waterfall, Cao Bang

10 – Ba Be Lake, Bac Kan

11 – Ha Giang

12 – Mu Cang Chai, Yen Bai

13 – Mai Chau, Son La



Where should you go when traveling to Central Vietnam?
The Central region attracts famous Vietnamese tourist destinations that you definitely cannot miss such as:

1 – Da Lat City, Lam Dong

2 – Da Nang

3 – Hoi An Ancient Town

4 – Phu Quy Island, Binh Thuan

5 – Phong Nha Ke Bang National Park Complex, Quang Binh

6 – Hue ancient capital

7 – Hai Van Pass

8 – Ly Son Island, Quang Ngai

9 – Quy Nhon, Binh Dinh.



Where should you go when traveling to Southern Vietnam?
The South attracts famous Vietnamese tourist destinations that you definitely cannot miss such as:

1 – Vung Tau City

2 – Con Dao

3 – Hoi An Ancient Town

4 – Saigon

5 – Dong Nai

6 – Tay Ninh

7 – Ben Tre

8 – Long An

9 – Dong Thap Muoi

10 – An Giang

11 – Ca Mau

12 – Kien Giang

13 – Can Tho